question Who is Arya Stark's wife?
question Who escaped the persecution of House Stark?
question What is Arya trained as at the House of Black and White in Braavos?
question Who was the faceless man in Braavos?
question What male line does Arya exterminate after returning to Westeros?
question Who is the half-brother of Arya's half-brother?
question Where did Arya return to?
question Who manipulated Arya's half-brother?
question Petyr Baelish was executed for his crimes against whom?
question When did Arya kill the Night King?
question Who killed Cersei Lannister?
question Who destroys King's Landing?
question Who convinces Arya to abandon her quest for vengeance?
question Who is chosen as king in Westeros?
question What does Arya decide to leave Westeros after bidding farewell to her siblings?
question Who is the youngest daughter of Lady Catelyn and Lord Ned Stark?
question Who are Arya Stark's daughters?
question Where was Arya born and raised?
question Who is Arya's bastard half-brother?
question Who is Arya's older sister?
question Who rejects the notion that she must become a lady and marry for influence and power?
question What does Arya believe she can do?
question What is Arya bored by?
question Who does Arya take after?
question Who is Arya close to?
question Who taught Arya how to sew?
question What does Bran, Jon, and Robb practice in the courtyard with their father?
question How does Arya annoy Bran?
question What does Bran chase Arya as their family chases?
question Where does King Robert visit?
question What happens to Arya when she joins the receiving line in the courtyard?
question Who overheards Arya when she asks Sansa where the Imp is?
question What does Arya test at the feast?
question What does Robert name Arya's father?
question What is Arya's name after a great warrior-queen of Essos?
question What does Arya receive as a gift from Jon?
question What does Arya name as a play on words that she may now enjoy doing needlework?
question Who is the son of the butcher in the King's retinue?
question Who spot Nymeria fighting?
question Who does Nymeria cut when he threatens Arya?
question Who threatens Arya with a sword?
question What does Arya drive Nymeria off with so she won't be punished?
question Where is Arya's father located?
question Who does Arya support?
question What does Arya call her a?
question Who does Arya's wolf Nymeria call her a liar?
question What did Arya join her sister in?
question What does Arya break down into after seeing that the queen's order will be carried out?
question What bodyguard murdered Mycah?
question Where is Arya's father located?
question Who does Arya support?
question What does Arya call her a?
question Who does Arya's wolf Nymeria call her a liar?
question What did Arya join her sister in?
question What does Arya break down into after seeing that the queen's order will be carried out?
question What bodyguard murdered Mycah?
question Who does Arya and Sansa meet?
question Who does Arya ask about Littlefinger's nickname?
question What do Arya see in the Red Keep?
question Who brought his army across the Narrow Sea with the Targaryen exiles?
question What happens to Arya after he overhears Varys and Illyrio Mopatis?
question Who is Arya's father?
question What are the Starks and Lannisters?
question Who is the recruiter for the Night's Watch?
question What is Arya mistaken for?
question What happened to Arya while fighting Jaime?
question Who teaches Arya how to ignore Jory's troubles to focus on fighting?
question Where does Eddard send his daughters back to?
question How are Sansa and Arya both?
question Who does Arya want to leave?
question What does Sansa feel is nothing compared to breaking her betrothal to Joffrey?
question What does Eddard say he will choose another man for her to marry?
question What does Sansa want to have her golden-haired lion?
question What type of lion does Sansa want to have?
question What interjection did Arya assert that he will be a stag like his father?
question What is the name of the heir to the throne?
question Who is Joffrey's son?
question Who admits that her children were fathered by her brother Jaime?
question What is the name of the man who kills the King when he is hunting?
question Who have Eddard arrested and send guards to take Arya into custody while she is training with Syrio?
question What does Eddard instruct Arya to do while he faces down the guards himself?
question What is the name of the Kingsguard?
question Who's fate is unknown?
question Where does Arya go first?
question What is the name of the sword Arya finds in the bottom of her luggage?
question Who finds Arya's sword in the bottom of her luggage?
question What happens to Arya as he comes at her?
question Who does Arya run away to find her way out of the castle?
question Who forces break out as a result of war?
question Who admits that her children were fathered by her brother Jaime?
question What is the name of the man who kills the King when he is hunting?
question Who have Eddard arrested and send guards to take Arya into custody while she is training with Syrio?
question What does Eddard instruct Arya to do while he faces down the guards himself?
question What is the name of the Kingsguard?
question Who's fate is unknown?
question Where does Arya go first?
question What is the name of the sword Arya finds in the bottom of her luggage?
question Who finds Arya's sword in the bottom of her luggage?
question What happens to Arya as he comes at her?
question Who does Arya run away to find her way out of the castle?
question Who forces break out as a result of war?
question Who does Arya defend herself with?
question What show will Arya pose as a fresh recruit for?
question What does the Night's Watch tell Arya to do?
question Who bullied Arya?
question Who steps up to defend Arya?
question Where does the entire group depart?
question What is the name of Yoren's recruit?
question Who is one of the prisoners in the wagon?
question What happens when he is a murderer from the black cells of the dungeons?
question Who are the two murderers who threaten Arya and Gendry?
question Who sees through Arya's disguise?
question Where do gold cloaks arrive?
question What does Yoren intimidate the gold cloaks?
question Who does Arya confess to?
question What does Arya polish?
question Who was Arya obsessed with?
question Where did Willem return to?
question What did Yoren have to take the black?
question Who doesn't understand the point of the story?
question Who helped the Gold Cloaks return?
question Who did Yoren die heroically?
question Where does a fire start during the skirmish?
question What does Arya save the Gold Cloaks?
question Who steals Needle from Arya?
question Who does Arya convince that he killed Gendry?
question Where does Ser Amory take his captives?
question Who chooses one of Ser Amory's prisoners to be tortured by the Tickler?
question Who begins a nightly recitation of the names of her enemies?
question Who returns to Harrenhal and halts the ordeal?
question Lord Tywin Lannister criticizes Gregor for what?
question What does Lord Tywin Lannister realize Arya is?
question What did Lord Tywin Lannister believe Arya was a girl posing as a boy?
question What does Tywin make Arya his?
question Who speaks with Tywin Lannister?
question What does Tywin stop Arya?
question What does Tywin realise that Arya is from the Riverlands?
question What is Arya's first lie that she is from?
question What does Arya repeat Upon being questioned about the northerners' opinions of her brother, Robb Stark?
question What does Tywin ask her if she believes he is invulnerable?
question Who is now a Lannister man-at-arms?
question How many deaths does Jaqen owe to her?
question Who is found dead in the courtyard by Tywin Lannister?
question Where is the Tickler found?
question What does Arya do to Jaqen to signify his responsibility?
question Who visits Lord Tywin?
question What did Arya learn to read when she read a letter?
question What does Arya distract by reading a letter?
question Who steals Tywin's letter?
question Who is the next victim of Tywin?
question Who kills Jaqen before he is able to expose the theft?
question How many of Tywin's men were killed?
question Who is responsible for the assassination of Lord Tywin?
question What war did Tywin discuss the importance of legacy and the destruction of Harrenhal?
question What heightened Tywin's suspicions?
question Where does Tywin drive Robb's armies from?
question Who does Arya name to drive Robb's armies from the Westerlands?
question Who is Jaqen's last target to protect Robb?
question What does Jaqen do when he returns from patrol?
question Who does Jaqen give his own name?
question Who kills several guards that night?
question Where does Tywin drive Robb's armies from?
question Who does Arya name to drive Robb's armies from the Westerlands?
question Who is Jaqen's last target to protect Robb?
question What does Jaqen do when he returns from patrol?
question Who does Jaqen give his own name?
question Who kills several guards that night?
question Where do Arya, Hot Pie, and Gendry continue to travel?
question Who mistaken Arya, Hot Pie and Gendry for war refugees?
question Where are Arya, Hot Pie and Gendry taken to?
question Who is brought in as a captive?
question Who spots Arya and reveals her true identity?
question Who is Arya taken to at their hideout in the Riverlands?
question Who accuses Clegane of murdering Mycah?
question Who resurrected Dondarrion?
question Who is declared innocent and released to Arya's disgust?
question Who did Arya ask Gendry for repairing?
question What does Gendry want to do to protect the smallfolk and join the Brotherhood?
question Who chokes out she could be his family?
question What would Arya be if he goes with her?
question Who did Arya ask Gendry for repairing?
question What does Gendry want to do to protect the smallfolk and join the Brotherhood?
question Who chokes out she could be his family?
question What would Arya be if he goes with her?
question What does Melisandre anticipate?
question Who is Melisandre's target?
question Who does Melisandre's men take into her custody?
question How many sacks of gold did Melisandre give to the Brotherhood?
question What does Melisandre call Arya?
question What does Melisandre look into Arya's eyes?
question What does Melisandre see in her eyes?
question What does Melisandre tell Arya that they will meet again?
question What is the only true god Arya believes in?
question What does Arya angrily call the Lannister soldiers out on?
question Who kidnapped Arya before she gets too far?
question Who is a captive of the Hound?
question What happens if Arya fails to hit him and kill him?
question What is the name of the horse that Arya sits with?
question Who points out that for all she hates him, Arya could have been taken captive by far worse?
question What was the story of Arya being taken captive by the Hound?
question What does Sandor say about Arya?
question What river does Arya initially think of the Hound?
question What is the name of the river that Arya initially thinks Arya is taking her back to King's Landing?
question Where did Arya believe the Hound was taking her back to?
question Who will marry Arya and the Hound at the Twins?
question What did Sandor tell Arya that if she was not so busy trying to bash his skull in?
question What does Arya hide as the Hound spurs the horse to a gallop?
question Who stops the Hound from killing the old man?
question Sandor punches the hog farmer and what happens to him?
question Who begs Sandor not to kill the hog farmer?
question What blow blows Arya to the head?
question Where does Arya gaze toward?
question What is Arya afraid of?
question What was the name of Sandor's flaming sword?
question Who does Sandor taunt about the execution of her father?
question What is Sandor's name?
question What does Sandor tell a Frey guard they have for the wedding feast?
question Where does Arya run away from Sandor?
question Who kills the Stark men?
question How many crossbowmen come out of the castle?
question What does Sandor say is too late to enter the castle?
question What did Sandor realize that any attempt to intervene at this point would be?
question Who saw the aftermath of the Red Wedding?
question What was the head of the mutilated corpse attached to Arya's brother's body?
question What army is massacred during the Red Wedding?
question How many Frey soldiers are there?
question Who's body was sewed on Grey Wind's head?
question What horse does Arya dismount from Sandor?
question What does Sandor want to do to Arya?
question Who gave the Braavosi coin to Arya?
question What does Sandor do when she drops the Braavosi coin?
question How many men draw their weapons?
question What does Sandor ask Arya?
question What is the name of the stableboy in which Arya confirms the first man?
question Who whispers to Arya about the Braavosi coin?
question Who is Arya's aunt?
question What does Arya want to do for her to stay a distance away from the Hound?
question What does the Hound argue that giving Arya a horse would provide her with the chance to escape?
question Who listens as the Hound and Polliver talk?
question What is Polliver's sword?
question Who is still tucked into Polliver's belt?
question Who looks over suspiciously when Arya and the Hound are in the tavern?
question Who recognizes Arya?
question Who turns hostile when Arya and Polliver are in the tavern?
question What does Arya put a sword through the Hound?
question Who stands over Polliver?
question What does Polliver say to Lommy before he killed him?
question What will Arya do to Polliver?
question What happens to Polliver as Polliver realizes who she is?
question What allows Arya to take one of the Lannister horses when they leave?
question What do the Hound and Arya stop to do?
question Where does Arya take her to?
question What group does Arya say he might join?
question Who asks the Hound what they are doing on his lands?
question What is the name of the soldier that Arya makes up a story about the Hound being a soldier for?
question What does Arya wake up to the next morning?
question What has Arya beaten the farmer and taken his silver?
question How many kingdoms is Arya the worst shit?
question Who will not survive this winter?
question What happens when Arya recites her list?
question What does the Hound tell Arya to do after a while?
question What does Arya say she can't go to sleep without saying all of the names?
question Who asks Arya if she is going to name every person in Westeros?
question What does the Hound say is as good as any motivation to keep a person going?
question How many names would the Hound cross from their death lists?
question What would Arya tell his brother to do if the Mountain was at their camp?
question What does the Hound tell Arya to do?
question How many names has Arya left to finish her death list?
question What happens when Arya recites her list?
question What does the Hound tell Arya to do after a while?
question What does Arya say she can't go to sleep without saying all of the names?
question Who asks Arya if she is going to name every person in Westeros?
question What does the Hound say is as good as any motivation to keep a person going?
question How many names would the Hound cross from their death lists?
question What would Arya tell his brother to do if the Mountain was at their camp?
question What does the Hound tell Arya to do?
question How many names has Arya left to finish her death list?
question What happens when Arya recites her list?
question What does the Hound tell Arya to do after a while?
question What does Arya say she can't go to sleep without saying all of the names?
question Who asks Arya if she is going to name every person in Westeros?
question What does the Hound say is as good as any motivation to keep a person going?
question How many names would the Hound cross from their death lists?
question What would Arya tell his brother to do if the Mountain was at their camp?
question What does the Hound tell Arya to do?
question How many names has Arya left to finish her death list?
question Sandor addresses his wounds from whom?
question Why is Sandor rebuffed?
question What caused Sandor's facial scars?
question What does Arya offer to Arya?
question Who did Arya and Sandor feel no satisfaction over?
question Who informs Arya and Sandor of Lysa Arryn's death?
question Which two men encounter Brienne of when Arya and Sandor leave the Eyrie?
question Who did Arya Stark wear to to find and protect?
question Who is the man with Arya?
question What is a gift from Jaime?
question What do Brienne and Sandor believe they should be the one to watch over Arya?
question Where did Brienne knock Sandor down?
question What does Arya do instead of going with Brienne and Pod?
question What is Sandor's name?
question What was the name of the butcher's boy that he should have raped when he had the chance?
question Who leaves Sandor to die?
question What horse does Arya travel on?
question Who is Arya's brother?
question Where is Ternesio Terys going?
question Who is the captain of the Titan's Daughter?
question What ship does Ternesio Terys offer her a cabin aboard?
question Where is Arya shown?
question Where does Arya arrive?
question Who would wake and protect Braavos whenever Braavos stood in danger in the old times?
question What is Arya's response to the Titan?
question Who lets out a loud blast announcing their arrival?
question Where does Terys row Arya to?
question Who gave Arya a coin?
question Where does Arya wander into?
question What do some boys intend to take from Arya while hunting for pigeons in Braavos?
question What happens when the man from the House of Black and White appears again behind Arya?
question Where did Arya return to the House of Black and White?
question Who is Arya's face?
question Who is Jaqen H'ghar?
question Who helps another man in drinking from the temple's well?
question What does Arya tell Jaqen when she leaves to pray?
question Who recites the phrase that means all men must serve?
question How many men take Arya's body away?
question Who accosted Arya?
question Who demands the Waif to stop?
question What weapon did The Waif use to attack the Waif?
question What does Arya need to do to meet the order's initiation requirements?
question What is Arya too attached to?
question When Arya is sweeping the floor, Jaqen escorts Arya to an inner chamber where she is to help the
question What does the Waif do when Arya asks?
question How many men take Arya's corpse away?
question When does the Waif tell Arya that she will know what?
question What does Arya want to do?
question What did the Waif tell Arya she tried playing the game of faces?
question Who asks Arya who she is?
question What does Arya ask Arya when she is about to walk away?
question How did the Waif try to poison Arya?
question Who did the Waif seek out to exact Arya's revenge?
question Who does the Waif ask if she believed the story?
question What does the Waif say Arya must be able to do to pass the game of faces?
question Who comes to test Arya when Arya is asleep?
question What group did Jaqen H'ghar tell Arya how she came to join?
question What is Jaqen able to tell when Arya is lying?
question What does Jaqen H'ghar say to Arya?
question Where does a grieving father bring his daughter to?
question Who shows Arya the Hall of Faces?
question Who brought Arya to the Hall of Faces?
question Where were all the faces taken from?
question What does Jaqen H'ghar ask Arya if she is ready to do?
question What does Jaqen H'ghar say Arya is ready to become?
question Who is Arya posing as?
question Who is Arya distracted by before the assassination?
question Who does Meryn Trant guard on his way to the Iron Bank?
question What is the name of the brothel that Arya follows to?
question What does Meryn Trant prefer?
question Who did Arya report her failure to kill the Thin Man?
question How many girls is Trant given the next night?
question What happens to the first two of Trant's beatings?
question What does Trant do to the third girl?
question What is the name of the girl that Trant reveals herself as?
question Who does Arya stab in the eye?
question What did Arya tease Meryn Trant about?
question When did Syrio Forel die?
question What does Arya assume about Meryn Trant?
question What happens to Meryn Trant?
question What is Meryn Trant's name?
question What is Arya's punishment for stealing from the Many-Faced God?
question Who caught Arya's punishment for stealing from the Many-Faced God?
question What is Arya's punishment for stealing from the Many-Faced God?
question What does the Waif say can pay for life?
question Who drinks the poison before Arya thinks she is about to be poisoned?
question Who did the Waif reveal to Arya?
question How many faces does Arya remove from Jaqen's body?
question What color does Arya's eyes fill over with as she is rendered blind as punishment?
question What does Arya fight the Waif?
question What happened to Arya after overhearing two passing citizens?
question What is the name of the stick Arya fights and loses another sparring match against the Waif?
question Who does the Waif leave Arya?
question Who does Arya rejoin?
question Who beats Arya in another sparring match?
question Who stops Arya?
question Who allows Arya to return to the House of Black and White?
question What happens between Arya and the Waif?
question What does Arya learn to cope with while telling the Waif her story and list of targets?
question Who gives Arya a cup from the well in the House of Black and White?
question What does Jaqen drink to Arya?
question What actress is Arya tasked with killing?
question Who does Lady Crane portray in The Bloody Hand?
question Who is jealous of Lady Crane?
question What does Arya poison after watching The Bloody Hand?
question Who notices Arya and the two briefly converse about the play?
question What does the Cersei character's response to the death of her son include?
question What does Crane do after asking Arya if she likes pretending to be others?
question Who did Arya blame for the poisoning of Lady Crane's rum?
question Who retrieves Needle?
question What does Arya retrieve from its hiding place?
question Who did The Waif report Arya's failure to kill Arya?
question What did Arya abandon her goal of becoming?
question Who stabs Arya?
question Who stabs Arya in the stomach?
question Where is Arya left stumbling through?
question Where does Lady Crane collapse from her injuries?
question Where does Lady Crane take Arya to?
question What does Lady Crane take to relieve Arya's pain?
question Who murdered Arya?
question Who pursues Arya?
question Where does Arya find herself after scurrying the back-alleys of Braavos?
question How do Arya's wounds become undone?
question What is the hideout in which Arya lures the Waif to?
question What does Arya start by confronting Needle?
question How does Arya fight the Waif?
question Where does Arya remove her face?
question Who sent the Waif to kill her?
question What is the name of Jaqen's training?
question What is Arya's name?
question Where does Jaqen return to?
question Who reveals herself to Walder Frey?
question Who was the cause of the deaths of Black Walder Rivers and Lame Lothar Frey?
question Who does Arya serve as a serving girl?
question What does Arya do after she reveals her true identity?
question Who killed House Frey's sons?
question What did Arya give her audience after poisoning House Frey's sons?
question What does Arya refuse to let any of the women partake?
question What was the name of the infamous Frey wedding?
question What do the Frey sons begin to do?
question Who is Walder's wife?
question What does a small convoy of Lannister soldiers get Arya attention with?
question What do Lannister soldiers offer Arya?
question Where is Arya heading?
question Who did Arya admit she is planning to kill?
question Arya chooses her home instead of what?
question Who chooses her home instead of revenge?
question Arya chooses her home instead of what?
question Arya chooses her home instead of what?
question Who chooses her home instead of revenge?
question Arya chooses her home instead of what?
question Who returns to Winterfell?
question What is the name of Arya Stark?
question Who can prove Arya Stark's identity?
question What does the guards tell Arya that there is nobody by the names at Winterfell?
question Who does Arya ask for?
question Who is Arya's sister?
question What do the guards try to brush Arya Stark aside?
question What are the guards concerned about Arya Stark?
question What happens to Arya Stark as soon as they take their eyes off her?
question What is Arya Stark's name?
question Where does Arya look over their father's grave?
question What is the first thing that has happened to Arya and Sansa in the past few years?
question What does Sansa Lady Stark insist on?
question What does Sansa Lady Stark do?
question Who left Arya in charge of Sansa Lady Stark?
question What do Arya and Arya look sadly on?
question What does Arya say about Jon and Arya?
question What does Sansa acknowledge?
question What does Arya point out about Jon and Arya?
question Who did Sansa kill?
question What did Sansa explain to Arya about Joffrey?
question What did Arya say he was at the top of her list?
question What did Arya say she was keeping a list of everyone she was going to kill?
question What did Sansa only say about Arya's road?
question What did Sansa say her road wasn't?
question What did Sansa say they did to Arya?
question Who is home to Arya?
question Who does Sansa not mention?
question Who is Arya reunited with?
question What is Arya saddened to see?
question Where did Bran see Arya?
question What does Sansa say Bran is having?
question Where did Bran think Arya was going to?
question Who is on Bran's list of names?
question Who gave the Valyrian steel dagger to Bran?
question Why is Arya still disinterested in the Valyrian steel dagger?
question What type of steel does Arya think a cutthroat would have?
question Who did Bran say wanted to kill Arya?
question What does Bran say Arya can have?
question Where are the three trueborn Stark children reunited?
question Who knocks Brienne down when he overextends himself?
question Who interrupts and says she'd like to spar with Brienne?
question Who watch on silently from the walkway above?
question What training did Syrio Forel use to help Arya outmaneuver Brienne?
question What kind of openings does Arya achieve if she wanted them to be?
question What happens to a sparring session with Arya?
question What kind of dagger did Arya switch to in her belt?
question Who uses her speed and agility to compensate for Brienne's strength and size?
question What is Arya's position as a noblewoman?
question What does Arya do to Brienne?
question What does each of Brienne's arms hold at the other's throat?
question Who looks down baffled at how her sister reached a deadly skill level?
question Who watched Arya's duel with Brienne?
question Who did Sansa address over their concerns with Jon's absence?
question When did the Vale come to Sansa's aid?
question Who did Sansa pled her loyalty to?
question Who confronts Sansa about her apparent inaction towards Glover and Royce?
question Who did Sansa remind her sister that they need to work together in order to survive?
question Who is adamant that they should have been executed?
question Where does Littlefinger hide a rolled parchment inside Sansa's mattress?
question Who planted the letter on purpose to manipulate Arya?
question Who watches with satisfaction as Arya leaves the room?
question What did Arya discover about her father's death?
question Where did Arya watch her sister's letter from the balcony?
question Who did Arya and Sansa's brothers finish training with?
question Who resentfully states that he was killed by the Lannisters with Sansa's help?
question What did Sansa insist she was forced to write?
question What did Arya call her stupid for?
question What statue did Arya see from?
question Who claims that Sansa is afraid she will show the letter to the northern lords?
question What did Littlefinger suggest Sansa use to protect her from Arya?
question Who resentfully states that he was killed by the Lannisters with Sansa's help?
question What did Sansa insist she was forced to write?
question What did Arya call her stupid for?
question What statue did Arya see from?
question Who claims that Sansa is afraid she will show the letter to the northern lords?
question What did Littlefinger suggest Sansa use to protect her from Arya?
question Who does Arya kill on Sansa's orders?
question Who does Sansa direct to to list a series of crimes against House Stark?
question What was the name of Petyr's new dagger?
question What do Baelish's attempts to manipulate the situation turn to when Arya moves in and slits his throat with his own
question Who discuss their pasts?
question What does Sansa think Arya could have?
question What are the strengths of Arya and Sansa?
question Who stands among the residents of Winterfell as they watch Jon, Queen Daenerys Targaryen and their combined forces march through the town
question Who does Arya notice among the entourage?
question What is Arya fascinated by when Drogon and Rhaegal fly overhead?
question Who replies that Arya is lurking somewhere when Jon and Daenerys arrive before the Stark entourage?
question Who stands among the residents of Winterfell as they watch Jon, Queen Daenerys Targaryen and their combined forces march through the town
question Who does Arya notice among the entourage?
question What is Arya fascinated by when Drogon and Rhaegal fly overhead?
question Who replies that Arya is lurking somewhere when Jon and Daenerys arrive before the Stark entourage?
question Who is Arya reunited with?
question Who visits Sandor's forges and presents the Hound with a custom-made axe of dragonglass?
question What does Arya tell Gendry to do?
question What does the Hound call Arya?
question Who reunites with Gendry?
question Who does Gendry agree with?
question What does Arya show him her dagger?
question Who does Arya shoot back that Gendry doesn't know any other highborn girls?
question What has the army of the dead taken?
question Who asks Gendry if her weapon is ready?
question What does Arya tell Gendry to do before asking him what was fighting the wights like?
question What does Gendry say about the wights?
question What does Gendry say about the wights?
question What is the name of the wights that Arya is unsatisfied with?
question What does Gendry say the wights are like?
question How many dragonglass daggers does Arya pick up?
question What does Arya stand for?
question What is the weapon Arya receives from Gendry?
question What ritual does Arya tell her about?
question What did Arya force Gendry to admit his parentage as?
question What does Gendry admit to being intimate with Melisandre?
question Why does Arya want to know the feeling of physical love before she does?
question What does Arya do to Gendry?
question Who is Arya waiting for?
question Who is stationed on the walls overlooking the battlefield alongside Sansa?
question Where does Arya tell Sansa to go and hand her a dragonglass dagger?
question What does Arya say to Sansa?
question What does Arya shoot at the wights?
question Who couldn't light the trench as planned?
question Who gives the living some moment of reprieve?
question Who does Arya fight on the ramparts of Winterfell?
question Who is surprised by Arya's ability to kill off many wights?
question Who knocked Arya into a doorway?
question What does Arya feel about the gash at the side of her head?
question What does Arya take as she traverses through the corridors?
question What does Arya hide from?
question Where does Arya hide from the wights?
question What does Arya throw a book into an area of the room away from the exit?
question What does Arya dispatch on the way?
question What is Arya's relief?
question Who is saved by Beric?
question Where does Arya appear when a wight tackles her?
question What does Beric throw into Arya's doorway?
question How is Beric stabbed in the leg while the Hound fights more wights?
question Where does Beric pin a wight to?
question What does Arya pick up to kill the wights hurting Arya?
question Who saved Beric?
question What did Melisandre say Beric had fulfilled?
question Who said that Beric would meet again?
question What did Melisandre say to Arya?
question What color does Melisandre remind Arya of her destiny?
question What does Melisandre do to Arya?
question What does Melisandre say to?
question Who was the acolyte of the Faceless Men?
question What do the Faceless Men share before Arya leaves her and the Hound?
question Who arrives to the godswood after his army cleared the path for him?
question What is the name of Arya's dagger?
question What did the Night King shatter into?
question Which wights shatter with Arya's death?
question What did the Night King shatter into?
question Which wights shatter with Arya's death?
question Why does Arya refuse to marry Westeros?
question How many years ago did Arya say to Daenerys?
question What does Arya continue to practice?
question Who attends the discussions regarding Daenerys resuming her conquest of Westeros?
question What does Daenerys believe must be taken as soon as possible?
question Where will the North march to?
question When the meeting is adjourned, what happens to Arya and Sansa?
question Who express their distrust towards Daenerys?
question Who did Jon do when he bent the knee to?
question What does Arya say they'll never know Daenerys because she's not one of them?
question What does Arya say they can't only trust the people they grew up with?
question Who disagrees with Jon?
question What is Arya's brother?
question What is Jon's brother's name?
question What did Jon swear about Daenerys' heritage?
question Who tells Arya and Sansa about Daenerys?
question Who departs Winterfell?
question Who asks why Arya was leaving Winterfell?
question Who vaguely hints Arya's intentions?
question What two men intend to seek revenge on?
question Where do Arya and Sandor ride towards?
question Where do the two arrive the night before battle is set to begin?
question Who stops Arya and Sandor?
question Who tells the guard that she came to kill Cersei?
question Where do Arya and Sandor enter?
question Who is Arya determined to revenge on?
question Who wrought the destruction of the Red Keep on top of Drogon?
question What does Sandor do to Arya?
question What does Sandor call Arya for the first time?
question What kind of flames does Arya escape?
question How is Arya unable to help anyone?
question When is the Battle of King's Landing over?
question Who attends the Great Council?
question Who did Arya witness to the Dothraki and Unsullied?
question Who is involved in the trial of Daenerys?
question Who agrees with the idea of Unsullied doing what they want with Jon?
question Who manages to defuse the situation?
question Who should choose their new king or queen?
question What does Arya withhold at the meeting?
question Who bids farewell to Jon?
question Who did Arya fulfill her promise to sail to the west of Westeros?
question What does Jon ask her if she has with her?
question Where does Arya depart?
question What social expectations are Arya unconstrained by?
question Who did Arya never aspire to be a proper lady?
question What does Arya make others smile?
question Where does she begin to endure a constant stream of loss and trauma?
question When she watches her pet, sword instructor, friends, and family members taken from her one by one, what happens to her?
question Who captures King's Landing?
question When she witnesses and learns of the betrayal and murder of her family at the Red Wedding, what happens to her?
question Where did Yoren stab the stableboy?
question What is Syrio's belief that the only true god is?
question Who advised Syrio to kill each night before she sleep?
question Who can be a rather cold-blooded and slightly sadistic person at times?
question What did Arya not attempt to hide her glee over slitting Walder Frey's throat?
question What has Arya shown to be willing to use to worsen her enemies fate?
question Who did Polliver gouge the eyes of before stabbing him?
question What is Arya not blinded by?
question What does Arya choose to do against her enemies after learning that her family has retaken Winterfell?
question What is the name of the family that Arya has retaken?
question What does Arya prefer?
question Who was Arya distrustful of during the Battle of King's Landing?
question Why did Arya not actively speak out against Daenerys?
question Where did Arya ride with the Hound to kill Cersei?
question What does Arya withhold during the council meeting to elect the next monarch?
question What does all of this speak to?
question What does Arya's list contain?
question Who was never included in Arya's kill list?
question Who was never included in Arya's kill list?
question Who was Roose Bolton's son?
question Who did Arya not include for taking Winterfell in the first place?
question Who recaptured the castle and supposedly killed Theon?
question What does Arya's list contain?
question Who was never included in Arya's kill list?
question Who was never included in Arya's kill list?
question Who was Roose Bolton's son?
question Who did Arya not include for taking Winterfell in the first place?
question Who recaptured the castle and supposedly killed Theon?
question Who was the executioner who beheaded her father?
question What type of cancer did Ilyn Payne develop after Season 2?
question Who died in the deaths of?
question Who was the Spoken by?
question What is a Spoken about?
question What role does Maisie Williams play Arya?
question What is Maisie Williams's position in the books?
question Who would be outraged if she didn't play Arya left-handed?
question Who wore large, millimeter-wide contact lenses?
question How can Arya see her eyes?
question When Arya is blinded, how did she see her eyes?
question Who told Williams to use the blinding-contacts from the start?
question When did Williams explain that the true blindness contacts were only used?
question What kind of holes did Williams switch to when she was blind?
question What were the times when Williams is moving around and wearing the alternate contacts she can actually see through?
question Who was a stunt double for Maisie Williams in the role of Arya Stark?
question Who was Kristina Baskett a stunt double for?
question Who was Kristina Baskett a stunt double for?
question How is Arya portrayed in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
question Who is portrayed in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
question How does Arya lose her humanity?
question How old is Arya when King Robert arrives at Winterfell?
question Who does Arya want to learn how to fight with a sword and ride horses?
question Who is Arya's half-brother?
question Who stole Arya's real sister?
question Who is the only trueborn child of the Starks?
question What did Jon assure Arya that she is?
question What is Arya's long face called by her sister and her sister's friends?
question What is Arya known as by the Winterfell staff?
question What is Arya Underfoot in the TV series?
question What did Arya do in the novels?
question Who did Yoren tell Arya about?
question What is something that Yoren starts doing on her own?
question Who was not supposed to die that day?
question Who told Yoren that Lord Eddard was to be given mercy, allowed to take the black, and would be traveling back with him to the Wall
question Who did Arya respond to when he said something must have gone wrong?
question What did Joffrey respond to when he said something must have gone wrong?
question What role does Tywin serve in Season of the TV series?
question Who captured Harrenhal from Amory Lorch?
question Who does Tywin use to open Harrenhal to Roose Bolton and the Northmen?
question Where was Arya's storyline at?
question What is Arya exposed to on a regular basis after being captured by Ser Gregor Clegane's men?
question Who beats Arya?
question What is the name of the man-at-arms for Gregor Clegane?
question What is the second name that Arya chooses?
question Who are not killed by Jaqen H'ghar?
question Where was Arya's storyline at?
question What is Arya exposed to on a regular basis after being captured by Ser Gregor Clegane's men?
question Who beats Arya?
question What is the name of the man-at-arms for Gregor Clegane?
question What is the second name that Arya chooses?
question Who are not killed by Jaqen H'ghar?
question Who becomes the master of Harrenhal?
question Why does Arya leave Harrenhal?
question Who died in the fall of Arya Bolton?
question Who is a sellsword for Arya?
question Where does Arya pray to the old gods?
question Where does Hot Pie arrive?
question What do the guards ride away from Harrenhal?
question Who was declared the new King in the North?
question Where does Bran and Rickon use the title of prince among the Northerners?
question What is Arya normally not referred to as?
question What does Robb, Catelyn, and the Freys refer to Arya as when brokering their marriage-alliance?
question Who served under Elmar Frey?
question What does Elmar try to do to Arya?
question Who breached the pact with the Freys?
question How many of Arya's brothers are dead?
question What happens when Arya responds derisively?
question Who is presumed dead by most people in Westeros?
question Who has been acting as an envoy ferrying peace terms between Robb and Tyrion Lannister?
question Who deliberately kept Arya out of sight?
question Who did Catelyn release in the hope that her last daughter can be returned to her?
question What is the name of his half-brother?
question In the third novel, Arya leads Gendry and Hot Pie through the Riverlands in the hope of reaching what?
question What map does Hot Pie use to guide them through the Riverlands?
question Who attacks the men that Arya steals from Roose?
question Who coerces Arya into coming with them to an inn that's used as one of the headquarters?
question What is the promise of the Brotherhood Without Banners?
question What does Arya try to do with the Brotherhood Without Banners?
question Who is the former member of the Stark Household guard?
question Who does Harwin take Arya to the Brotherhood?
question Who remains at the inn?
question What does Arya describe Gendry as?
question Who entrusts Gendry with her true identity?
question What is the relationship between Arya and Gendry?
question Who offers to have sex with Gendry?
question Who shows interest in Arya?
question When does a love song appear in the series?
question Who is Arya pained when he chooses to stay behind with?
question Where does Arya see more of the results of war?
question When does another member of the Brotherhood capture the Hound?
question Where is Beric hiding?
question What does Beric do to the Hound?
question Who lets the Hound go, but takes his gold to buy food for the smallfolk?
question What does Arya feel is allowed to go free even though he is guilty?
question Who follows the Brotherhood after they leave the Hollow Hill to take Arya to Riverrun?
question What does the Hound do after they leave the Hollow Hill to take Arya to Riverrun?
question Who replaces Arya in the show?
question What kind of child does the Ghost of High Heart look at Arya?
question What is the name of the wolf child?
question What do you think you are to come to my hill?
question Where did Arya gorge on grief?
question What kind of heart does Arya have?
question What does Arya wonder if the woman is mad?
question What does Arya wonder if the woman is?
question What prophecies does Arya give them?
question Who sees that Catelyn isn't at Riverrun?
question Who does the Brotherhood plan to take Arya to?
question Who did the Hound collect Catelyn's ransom from?
question When does the Hound plan to get Catelyn to the Twins?
question Who attacks the Northerners before they can get very far?
question What does the Hound do to Catelyn?
question What does the Hound refuse to do when Catelyn wakes?
question Where does Arya go while she sleeps?
question What does Arya go into when she finds Catelyn's body in Nymeria?
question Who does the Hound plan to sell Catelyn to?
question Who was killed in Joffrey's death?
question Who do Arya and the Hound encounter in the novels?
question What do Arya and The Hound fight at the Crossroads Inn?
question Who does the Hound kill?
question What happens to the Hound during the fight?
question What does Arya refuse to give him a merciful death?
question What does Arya do not take?
question Where does Arya ride to to find a ship that will take her to Jon at the Wall?
question Where can Arya find a ship that she boards using the coin Jaqen gave her?
question Where is Arya escorted to?
question What can Arya only identify as in A Feast for Crows?
question What is the name of the coin that Arya presents in A Feast for Crows?
question What must Arya be at all times and in all things?
question What can Arya find?
question What does Arya insist on?
question What is the only thing Arya keeps?
question What does Needle do to Arya?
question What two cooks do Arya spend time with?
question What is the name of the fishmonger Arya works for?
question What name does Arya try to use during her first tasks?
question What language does Brusco learn to master?
question What do Brusco tell the kindly man three new things she learned?
question Who does not complain about Brusco's wolf dreams?
question Who is Arya's wolf dream?
question What do Brusco's daughters note about her wolf dreams?
question What was Arya's job as?
question What was Arya's job as?
question What is Arya indifferent to hear about her aunt's death?
question Who saves Arya from two bullies?
question Who is Samwell Tarly's companion?
question What is Sam's companion?
question Who announces that he plans to make a life for himself in Braavos?
question Why does Arya dissociate herself from her past?
question What does the kindly man give Arya?
question Who saves Arya from two bullies?
question Who is Samwell Tarly's companion?
question What is Sam's companion?
question Who announces that he plans to make a life for himself in Braavos?
question Why does Arya dissociate herself from her past?
question What does the kindly man give Arya?
question Who gives Arya her first assignment to kill the old insurance seller?
question What is Arya uncertain about?
question What does the Kindly Man do to Arya?
question What does the Kindly Man do to Arya?
question Where does the Kindly Man order Arya to begin her first apprenticeship?
question What is the reason Arya is not ordered to kill any of the actors?
question Who is the new identity of the Kindly Man?
question Who does Arya notice while she is there?
question Who gives Arya her first assignment to kill the old insurance seller?
question What is Arya uncertain about?
question What does the Kindly Man do to Arya?
question What does the Kindly Man do to Arya?
question Where does the Kindly Man order Arya to begin her first apprenticeship?
question What is the reason Arya is not ordered to kill any of the actors?
question Who is the new identity of the Kindly Man?
question Who does Arya notice while she is there?
question Who is forced by the Lannisters to pose as Arya?
question Which Northerner joined the forces to rescue Arya from the Boltons?
question What is Jon's belief that his sister is being forced to marry?
question What does Jon do as a member of the Night's Watch?
question Who does Melisandre send to save Arya?
question What does Jon try to find to foster Arya across the sea?
question What is Jon's closest relationship to Arya?
question Who does the plan with Mance and the spearwives lead to?
question What letter does Ramsay send to Jon?
question Where does Jon decide to rescue Arya from the Boltons?
question Who's death list in the books is partially different than in the show?
question Where does Arya begin reciting the names of the first twelve people on her list?
question Who oversees Arya's work in Harrenhal?
question What is the name of the phrase that Arya learned from Jaqen?
question How many people are confirmed dead?
question Who never retrieved Gendry from the Brotherhood Without Banners?
question Who does Melisandre not add to her list?
question What type of portrayal did Arya lose her humanity?
question What did Arya realize was the duel between Beric and the Hound?
question Who does Arya kill before she kills a guard at?
question What is the name of the woman who cheats Arya?
question Who does Arya murder people who have not done her, her family or friends any ill?
question What has Arya become?
question What does Arya seem to care about?
question Who was Eddard's maternal grandmother?
question What clan did the main novels mention that Eddard's grandmother was from?
question Who are the minor Houses loyal to?
question What type of folk are Winterfell?
question What clan is located just off the northwest coast?
question Who joins the clans in his military campaign against the ironborn and the Boltons?
question Who is the only book character that has POV chapters in all five published novels?
question How many novels is Arya the only character to have POV chapters in?
question Who is the only book character that has POV chapters in all five published novels?
question How many novels is Arya the only character to have POV chapters in?
question Who is the only book character that has POV chapters in all five published novels?
question How many novels is Arya the only character to have POV chapters in?
question What percentage of Disney's Star Daenery TargaryenRhaegar TargaryenArya StarkSansa Star
question What percentage of Disney's Star Daenery TargaryenRhaegar TargaryenArya StarkSansa Star
question Who is Bran's second son?
question Who is the Warden of the North?
question What is one of the constituent regions of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Where does House Stark rule the region?
question Where was Bran born?
question Who is Bran's first cousin by his aunt Lyanna Stark?
question Who executed Brandon?
question What is Bran's name when he has done something wrong?
question What is Bran's favorite hobby?
question What does Bran practice under his brothers' guidance?
question Under whom does Bran practice archery?
question What does Bran practice under his brothers' guidance?
question Under whom does Bran practice archery?
question Where does Ned leave Bran?
question What is the name of the assassin who attempts to kill Bran?
question Who struggles with the man until Summer arrives and rips out the would-be assassin's throat?
question At what end of Bran's bed does Summer stand guard?
question What is the name of Sansa's direwolf?
question Where does Catelyn leave for?
question Who did Old Nan tell Bran about the winter?
question Who did the Long Night face?
question Who interrupts the White Walkers?
question What does Robb say he would rather be dead, to Robb's distress?
question What does Bran say he would rather be dead to?
question How many ravens fly into the crypts of Winterfell?
question Who has stopped at Winterfell on his way home?
question Who has designed a special saddle that will allow Bran to ride despite his injuries?
question Who is confident that Tyrion's saddle will work?
question What does Luwin suggest Bran could learn to use a shortbow from?
question Why did Luwin refuse to tell Bran why she left?
question Who is confident that Tyrion's saddle will work?
question What does Luwin suggest Bran could learn to use a shortbow from?
question Why did Luwin refuse to tell Bran why she left?
question What injured Robert Baratheon while hunting in a drunken state?
question Who did Ned challenge the legitimacy of Robert Baratheon's heir?
question What does Bran say to Robb when he leads the Stark armies to war?
question Who did Bran try to reassure Robb that he will return?
question Where does Bran pray for Robb's return?
question Who is the servant of Winterfell?
question What is the name of Osha's dream?
question What is Osha's opinion?
question What does Bran taunt Osha about?
question What is the name of Bran's deceased relatives?
question Who was in Bran's dream?
question Who are the names of Bran's relatives?
question Who has dreamt of Bran's father?
question Who go back to the surface and try to soothe Bran's worries about his father?
question Who reveals that Ned was executed for treason?
question Where does Hodor walk?
question Where does Hodor walk?
question Who tutors Bran in rulership at Winterfell?
question What is the name of Bran's dream as he sees his reflection in the Godswood?
question What is the name of the wolf above Bran?
question Who tells Bran that the Red Comet is a symbol of the return of dragons to the known world?
question What does Bran say about the return of dragons to the world?
question What is the name of Summer's dream?
question What does Summer see himself awakening?
question Who reassures Bran that magic has been absent from the world for centuries?
question What did Maester Luwin say he once heard of?
question What does Bran sit at the high table as?
question Who is the Lord of Winterfell?
question What does Ser Rodrik Cassel do to Winterfell?
question What has been besieged by Ser Rodrik?
question Who does Bran surrender Winterfell to?
question What does Theon tell Bran that he has seized Winterfell?
question What does Theon say Bran reluctantly complies with?
question Who is captured on his return from Torrhen's Square?
question Who is Rodrik's traitor?
question Why is Theon forced to execute Winterfell?
question What does Theon carry out?
question Who tells Bran that his dream came true?
question Who helps Bran escape from the Iron Islands?
question Who is the brother of Bran's brother?
question Where are Bran and Rickon hiding under Winterfell?
question Who tracks Bran and Rickon with hounds but loses their scent at the farm?
question How many charred corpses did Bran and Rickon return to Winterfell?
question Where are Theon hiding under Theon's nose?
question Who are the two orphan boys that Bran and Rickon had previously assigned to assist a shepherd?
question Who leaves Bran behind?
question Where do the Starks emerge from?
question Where do the Starks find their half-brother Jon?
question Who does Bran make a tearful farewell to?
question Where is Bran on the way to?
question What does Bran dream about?
question What does Bran try to shoot?
question Who does Bran awaken for a moment?
question What does Osha say they have enough problems without?
question Where do the direwolves Summer and Shaggydog head north?
question Who is Bran's sister?
question What is the rare gift of seeing the past and present through his dreams?
question Who is responsible for bringing the sight to Bran?
question Who is distrustful of the siblings?
question Who is Bran having a shared greensight dream with?
question What is the name of the raven that Bran and Jojen are having a shared greensight dream with?
question What does Jojen advise Bran to follow?
question Where did Bran climb a tower?
question Who is Bran having a shared greensight dream with?
question What is the name of the raven that Bran and Jojen are having a shared greensight dream with?
question What does Jojen advise Bran to follow?
question Where did Bran climb a tower?
question Who does Bran solve a dispute between Osha and Meera Reed?
question What does Jojen Reed experience while sleeping?
question Who did Jojen see with the wildlings?
question What story did Bran and Jojen listen to?
question What happened to Osha?
question Who has been waiting for Bran to find him since Bran fell from the tower?
question What does the group notice after seeking shelter in a derelict windmill?
question What sounds terrify Hodor?
question What does Jojen tell Hodor?
question What does Bran use his Warg powers to render Hodor unconscious?
question Where does Jojen convince Bran to skinchange?
question Who was Rickon's half-brother?
question Where did Osha say Jon will be heading to?
question Who is a loyal bannerman of the Starks?
question Who does Bran bid a tearful farewell to?
question What castle is rumored to be haunted?
question Who is Jon's fellow Night's Watch comrade?
question Where do the Reeds, Hodor and Summer go?
question Who tells Sam that they are going beyond the Wall?
question What secret does Sam show to the White Walkers?
question Who did Bran pass beyond the Wall?
question What tree does Bran skinchange with?
question What angers Bran?
question What do they warn Bran that if he stays in the wolf too long, he will stay in Summer permanently and lose everything he has
question Who asks Bran to carry him to the Heart tree?
question What is the name of the Heart tree on a hill?
question What does Bran tell the others that he knows?
question Where is Bran held?
question What sounds do Bran and his companions hear?
question What does Bran find in Summer's mind?
question What trap does Summer catch before he can free Ghost?
question Who is the prisoner for Summer and Ghost?
question Who threatens to kill Hodor?
question What does Bran decide to do to fulfill his destiny?
question Who ties up Meera and prepares to rape her?
question Who offers to help Bran?
question Who refuses to kill Meera?
question Who searches for Bran and attempts to escape the keep with Bran?
question Who does Hodor catch up to?
question Who does Bran lift off the ground?
question What do Bran try to do to get his attention?
question Where does Jon go with Jon?
question What does Bran prepare to do if he goes with Jon back to Castle Black?
question What ambushed Bran's group?
question Why is Jojen fatally stabbed?
question Who leads the group into a cave after burning Jojen's body when she dies?
question What does Child of the Forest explain?
question Who is revealed to not be a bird but a very old man whose body is fused to the roots of the weirwood tree
question What did Meera say about Jojen?
question Who asks how he knows Jojen?
question What does the raven tell Bran that he did not want anyone to die for him?
question What did the raven say Jojen died?
question What does Bran ask the raven to do to Jojen?
question What does the raven say Bran will never walk again?
question Who is still believed to have killed Bran and Rickon at the hands of Theon?
question Who killed Bran and Rickon?
question What happens when Sansa asks if he knows where they might have gone to?
question What does Sansa feel about the revelation that Bran and Rickon are still alive?
question What is the name of the name of the three-eyed Raven who visits Winterfell in the past?
question Who was Bran's father Ned and his uncle Benjen Stark?
question Who is the younger brother of Bran's aunt Lyanna Stark?
question What is the name of the stable boy Hodor used to be before he became simpleton?
question What does the Three-Eyed Raven warn Bran about?
question Who tells Bran that she was having trouble coping with their apparent inaction to the coming war?
question Where does Bran remind Meera that she was having trouble coping with the loss of Jojen?
question Who tells Meera of Bran's importance to Bran's future?
question Where did Bran and the Three-Eyed Raven view the events that unfolded towards the end of Robert's Rebellion?
question Who is one of Ned Stark's bannermen?
question Which two Kingsguards guard the Tower of Joy?
question How many men are duel at the Tower of Joy?
question Who defeats nearly all of Ned's retainers?
question What did Bran feel about the stories he heard?
question What is the name of the sword that Ned partially decapitated?
question What is the name of the woman screamed from the tower?
question Why does Ned stop to look around?
question Who brings both Ned and Bran out of the past?
question How many years ago did Bran and the Three-Eyed Raven witness the creation of the first White Walker?
question Why did Leaf confess to the revelation?
question What culture did Bran recall that made the White Walkers a necessary action?
question What does Bran connect with without the consent of the Raven?
question Who intercepts Bran's vision by touching him?
question Who informs Bran that the Night King has knowledge of their location?
question What does Bran connect with without the consent of the Raven?
question Who intercepts Bran's vision by touching him?
question Who informs Bran that the Night King has knowledge of their location?
question What is Benjen still caught in visions about?
question Who is able to kill all the wights?
question Who does Benjen urge Bran to come with him?
question What is the name of Bran's uncle?
question Who stopped Benjen from becoming a Wight?
question What is the name of Benjen's uncle?
question What happens to Bran and Meera?
question What do Bran and Meera leave by the weirwood?
question How does Bran see the weirwood?
question What is Bran's name?
question Where does Bran return to his vision?
question Who does Ned find in a bed of her own blood?
question Who implored Ned to protect him from?
question Who is Bran's half-brother?
question Who led the men of the Night's Watch?
question What tree did the White Walkers see from the Night's Watch?
question Where do the Rangers escort Bran and Meera?
question Where does Jon leave Winterfell?
question Where did Sansa leave for?
question Where do Sansa and Bran talk by the weirwood tree?
question Who does Bran want to talk to when Sansa mentions Bran?
question What did Sansa initially believe Bran would be?
question Who did Bran tell Sansa about her white wedding dress when she married?
question Who made Bran's wheelchair?
question What was the name of the assassin that Petyr responds to?
question What does Bran say to Varys after thwarting his plan to marry Sansa to Loras Tyrell?
question What does Petyr say to Bran?
question What is the name of Bran's profession?
question Where does Bran ask if she is leaving?
question Who made Bran's wheelchair?
question What was the name of the assassin that Petyr responds to?
question What does Bran say to Varys after thwarting his plan to marry Sansa to Loras Tyrell?
question What does Petyr say to Bran?
question What is the name of Bran's profession?
question Where does Bran ask if she is leaving?
question Where are the ravens dangerously close to?
question Who spots Bran and dispels the warged ravens?
question Who orders Bran to send out carrier ravens?
question Who sends out carrier ravens?
question Who did Bran watch Bran's execution?
question Where did the Stark household die?
question Who did Bran tell Bran that he lied to his parents about his dagger?
question Who was Bran's former childhood friend?
question Who does Bran meet with in his chambers?
question Who is Jon returning to Winterfell?
question Who did the High Septon secretly annul Rhaegar's marriage to?
question What was based on a lie?
question What is Jon's name?
question Where does Bran watch the Night King destroy a large portion of the Wall?
question Who greet Bran when they return to the North?
question Who has seen Bran before leaving for the Wall?
question Who returns to Winterfell after a tense meeting with the council?
question Who did the council decide to spare Bran's life?
question What does Bran say he is not angry, much to Jaime's astonishment?
question What is the name of the new Night King?
question Who guards Bran during the Battle of Winterfell?
question Who is the sole surviving defender of the Night King?
question Who does Bran call to as the Night King finally stands a few feet away?
question Who made one last ill-advised charge against the Night King?
question Who finally crosses the gap between Jon and Daenerys?
question Who does Bran catch when the Night King reaches for his weapon?
question Who plunged the blade given to her by Bran into the Night King?
question Who briefly meets Bran's gaze?
question Which council votes Bran as king of the Six Kingdoms?
question Who does Tyrion convince to let the new king of the Seven Kingdoms decide Jon's fate?
question Why does Tyrion believe Bran should be king?
question Why does Tyrion ask Bran to lead the Seven Kingdoms to the best of his abilities?
question Who asserts the independence of the North?
question Who is Bran's Hand of the King?
question Who appoints Tyrion as his Hand of the King?
question Who is exiled to the Night's Watch by Bran?
question What does Bran ask if they have heard where Drogon went?
question What does Drogon decide to look for when they are unable to give a satisfying answer?
question What type of boy did Bran have before his fall?
question Who noted Bran to have done a great amount of climbing around the walls of Winterfell?
question What was the main reason for Bran's fall?
question What did Bran turn towards after his fall?
question What type of nature did Bran have?
question What did Bran love as much as he did climbing?
question When Robb left to fight Tywin, what was the name of Bran's role?
question Who seized Winterfell?
question Who was unable to predict that Bran would break his word when someone openly defied him?
question Who did Theon order for Bran to be executed?
question Who was Bran able to accept the powers that he possessed?
question Who was Bran's brother?
question What was one of the first things Bran pressed about when he reached the Three-Eyed Raven?
question Where does Bran and the Raven visit?
question What does Bran feel about the prospect of returning to the real world?
question Who blindsided Arthur Dayne?
question Who was responsible for the creation of the White Walkers?
question What did Bran realize he was responsible for in the first place?
question What battle has Bran's powers taken since?
question What has Bran become to a fault?
question Who did Bran have a conversation with during the Battle at the Cave of the Three-Eyed Raven?
question What is the name of Bran's deadpan recital of Chaos?
question What did Littlefinger give Bran?
question Who were secretly married to Bran?
question Who is one of the most powerful human magic users in Game of Thrones?
question What game has Bran Stark shown himself to be one of the most powerful human magic users?
question Who is featured in a range of promotional images and screen captures?
question What is the name of the video Wargs and the Sight on the Season Blu-ray?
question What season does Bran Stark not appear in?
question Who explained that Bran Stark caught up with his material from the most recent book?
question How old is Bran in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
question What is Bran fascinated by in A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
question What type of hair does Bran have on A Song of Ice and Fire?
question Who's hair is lightened to blond?
question Who did Robert Baratheon spar with when Bran visits Winterfell?
question What place did Eddard intend to take Bran to with him?
question Who does Catelyn pray to to keep Bran from leaving Winterfell?
question Who shoved Bran out of a tower window?
question What is the name of the three-eyed crow in the series?
question What does Bran see in a coma after the fall?
question When Bran wakes from his coma, what did he choose to do instead of fall?
question What does Bran learn about when he wakes from his coma?
question Which two men were to their graves?
question Who struggles to take on Robb's role as lord?
question Who can confess his fears and insecurities to while their bannermen challenge Robb's authority?
question Who was the Stark in Winterfell?
question What does Bran learn about Robb?
question What does Bran's second novel focus on?
question Who is responsible for the decision making of Winterfell?
question What pact was made to bring House Frey to Robb's side in the war?
question What is held at the castle now that autumn has begun?
question Who reaffirm the crannogman's oath of fealty to House Stark?
question Where do the Reeds stay after the celebration has ended?
question Where does Jojen know he is skinchanging into when he sleeps?
question What does Jojen share with Bran?
question When are the Reeds introduced?
question What is one of Jojen's visions?
question Where is Rodrik distracted by the attack on Winterfell?
question Who is a Winterfell prisoner who served the presumed dead Ramsay Snow?
question Who takes Reek as one of his men?
question Who helped the Reeds escape from Winterfell?
question What do the Reeds end up circling back to hide in the castle's crypts?
question Who suggests they kill the sons of a miller and pass them off as Bran and Rickon?
question Who sacks Winterfell and takes Theon prisoner?
question What is the name of the dying person in the godswood?
question What does Theon advise the Reeds to split Bran and Rickon up for?
question Who takes Rickon while the Reed siblings take Bran?
question When are the younger Stark brothers separated?
question What book does Bran spend traveling to the Wall with the Reeds?
question Who warns Bran not to spend to much time in Summer's mind?
question Where do the Reeds come upon a man who seems to recognize who Bran is due to his direwolf and paralysis?
question Where do the children see Jon fighting Wildlings below them?
question What do the children see Jon fighting below them?
question What do the children see Jon fighting Wildlings below them?
question Where do the Wildlings continue to travel until they reach the Wall?
question Who instructed Sam and Gilly to send Bran and his party through the Wall to meet him on the other side?
question What is the name of the paraplegic man accompanied by?
question Where does Sam bring the Wildlings to?
question How many times does Sam swear that he will not tell anyone about meeting Bran?
question Who leads the party beyond the Wall for a great deal of time until they reach the cave of the three-eyed crow?
question Who attacks the three-eyed crow?
question What does the body of the three-eyed crow have?
question What is the answer to the three-eyed crow?
question What will Bran do to the three-eyed crow?
question What character is left out in the television series?
question Who helps the children to the other side without his instruction while they make their way to the cave on their own?
question What is Bran's literary counterpart?
question Who dies during the battle with the wights outside of the cave in season four?
question What character is left out in the television series?
question Who helps the children to the other side without his instruction while they make their way to the cave on their own?
question What is Bran's literary counterpart?
question Who dies during the battle with the wights outside of the cave in season four?
question What character is left out in the television series?
question Who helps the children to the other side without his instruction while they make their way to the cave on their own?
question What is Bran's literary counterpart?
question Who dies during the battle with the wights outside of the cave in season four?
question What character is left out in the television series?
question Who helps the children to the other side without his instruction while they make their way to the cave on their own?
question What is Bran's literary counterpart?
question Who dies during the battle with the wights outside of the cave in season four?
question Who is the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who was the daughter of Lord?
question Who were the bastard children of Jaime Lannister?
question Who was the first officially recognized queen regnant in the history of the Seven Kingdoms?
question What was the name of Cersei?
question When did the reign of Cersei end?
question What was the last monarch to sit on?
question Who was Cersei's wife?
question Who was Cersei the only daughter and eldest child of?
question Who was the richest man in the Seven Kingdoms and Lord Paramount of the Westerlands?
question What is one of the constituent regions of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who was the elder twin of Cersei?
question Where was Cersei raised?
question What was Cersei known for?
question When did Cersei's mother die?
question Who was Cersei's younger brother?
question Who did Cersei blame for her mother's death?
question What role did Tywin serve at the capital during Cersei's childhood and teenage years?
question What was the name of the servants that raised Cersei and her brothers?
question Who did Cersei begin an incestuous relationship with in her youth?
question Where did Cersei have other partners?
question Who did Cersei hope she would marry?
question What was Melara's desire to marry?
question How many children would Cersei bear?
question What did Cersei reveal to her that she would be cast down by another, younger and more beautiful queen?
question Who was Cersei married to after the end of the civil war?
question When was Cersei married to King Robert Baratheon?
question Who did Cersei call on their wedding night?
question Who was the son of Cersei?
question What did Cersei refuse to have the body taken from her?
question What did Cersei's feelings for Robert turn to?
question Who were Cersei's three children?
question Who was the Hand of the King?
question Who is the twin brother of Queen Cersei?
question Who will choose a new Hand of the King?
question What does Queen Cersei believe Jaime could be the next Hand?
question Who is Cersei's best friend?
question Who is Cersei's best friend?
question Who accompany Cersei?
question Where does the royal party arrive at Winterfell?
question Who is the former betrothed?
question Who does Cersei send to find their younger brother Tyrion?
question What do Cersei and Catelyn Stark exchange?
question Who is Cersei impressed by?
question Who do Cersei and Jaime go hunting?
question Where do Cersei and Jaime liaise?
question What does Bran Stark find Cersei and Jaime engaged in?
question Who caught Bran Stark?
question What does Jaime feign Bran with?
question How old is Bran?
question How many times does Bran respond to Bran?
question Who did Cersei scold?
question What did Cersei note about Bran?
question Who laugh when Tyrion tells his family what he plans to do while at the Wall?
question Who is sitting vigil for Bran?
question What was the cause of the death of Catelyn's first child?
question What did Cersei and Robert say were grief-stricken?
question Who did Cersei pray for?
question What is the name of the royal party that is joined by Eddard, Sansa and Arya?
question Who was the cause of the incident between Cersei and Eddard?
question Who agrees that he and Eddard will attend to their own discipline?
question What does Cersei insist must be killed?
question What is the name of the wolf that Cersei has killed when Nymeria cannot be found?
question Who spares Lady's death?
question Who does Cersei advise?
question When does Cersei tell Joffrey that the truth will be whatever he decides it will be?
question How much will he force the Starks to contribute to a standing army?
question What does Cersei believe the North is to be militarily conquered by outsiders?
question What does Cersei believe he will need to be as king?
question Who does Cersei advise Joffrey to be kind to?
question Where does a raven arrive with news of Bran's recovery?
question Who comforts Cersei?
question Who embarrasses Cersei?
question Who does Cersei visit at his chambers?
question Who correctly deduces that Cersei has an ulterior motive for her visit to King's Landing?
question What is the true purpose of Cersei being at?
question Who was Eddard's brother born to lead?
question Who is married and pregnant?
question What did Cersei tell Robert that at the start of their marriage?
question Who did Cersei say he could never love her back?
question Who do Cersei and Robert visit as he recovers from wounds sustained fighting Jaime and his guards?
question Who is Eddard's brother?
question What does Eddard do to Cersei?
question What does Eddard hit Cersei?
question What does Robert threaten Cersei to do if she speaks of it?
question Who confronts Cersei and tells her he knows her children are fathered by Jaime?
question What does Neddard say Cersei and her brother belong together?
question What did Cersei whisper on their wedding night?
question What does Eddard advise her to leave before Robert returns from a hunt?
question What does Cersei tell Ned?
question What role does Cersei serve as following Robert's death?
question Who does Cersei choose to spare his friend further pain?
question Who is Robert's name?
question Who is on the throne after Robert's death?
question Who tries to reveal the truth with Eddard?
question Who is killed by Eddard?
question Who persuades Sansa to write a letter asking Robb to bend the knee to Joffrey?
question What does the letter backfire as it encourages Robb to raise an army and march into the Riverlands to confront the Lannister armies?
question In what court does Cersei encourage Sansa to make a new plea to Joffrey for her father's life?
question What watch does Eddard recants the claims of Joffrey not being the true king?
question Cersei, Joffrey, and Sansa watch as what is executed?
question Who 'confesses' Ned's crimes?
question Who is horrified when Cersei demands Eddard Stark's decapitation?
question Who is the royal executioner?
question What did Cersei attempt to secure her son's hold on?
question Who was Lancel's cousin?
question Who captured Jaime?
question What does Cersei continue to govern from King's Landing to Joffrey?
question In what war did Cersei defend Joffrey's claim?
question What does Cersei order the gates barred to prevent further refugees from entering the city?
question Who has been named acting Hand of the King by their father Tywin Lannister?
question Who is frustrated when Tywin Lannister tells her that she failed to prevent the death of Eddard Stark?
question What is the name of the fugitive that Cersei insists they need to find in order to facilitate a prisoner exchange?
question Who helps Littlefinger find Arya Stark?
question Who is enraged when Baelish dares to reference the rumors?
question Who does Petyr Baelish ask for help in the search of Arya Stark?
question What does Cersei do when she slap him?
question What do Cersei order to have no rival claimants in case his true parentage is revealed?
question Who refuses a request for aid from the Night's Watch?
question Who is the commander of the City Watch?
question What did Cersei confront him for?
question What is Tyrion upset at?
question Who did Tyrion mock her relationship with?
question What was Tyrion's finest joke about her relationship with Jaime?
question Who tests the loyalty of the remaining small council members by feeding each of them a different marriage plan for Myrcella?
question What does Pycelle inform Cersei of Tyrion's plans to marry Myrcella into?
question Who confronts Tyrion who insists that the alliance is necessary and that Myrcella will be safer in Dorne?
question What did Pycelle do to Cersei?
question Who does Tyrion send to negotiate with Catelyn Stark?
question At what battle did Robb Stark win a major victory?
question Who is the uncle of Robb Stark?
question Who intervenes and halts the ordeal?
question Who does Cersei want to release?
question Who is Pycelle's cousin?
question When does Lancel arrive?
question Who does Tyrion threaten to expose their relationship to?
question Who was killed in the death of Cersei?
question Who has assumed control of Renly's army?
question Who is Cersei irate about?
question What guild is Cersei relying on to supply Wildfire?
question Where does Myrcella leave?
question Who does Cersei remain livid about?
question How often does Tyrion threaten to deprive Myrcella of someone he loves?
question What is the name of the starving crowd in the Red Keep?
question Who is hit by thrown excrement?
question What does Tyrion do to the Lannister guards?
question What does Cersei offer Sansa advice on?
question What does love make you?
question Who does Sansa ask if she should love?
question Who attacked King's Landing?
question Who attacked King's Landing?
question Who does Cersei openly refer to her relationship with?
question What does Cersei fear is the price for Joffrey's sins?
question Who are good, decent children?
question What is Joffrey keen to fight in?
question What necklace did Tyrion give her?
question Who did Cersei kidnapped as insurance against Tyrion?
question What does Tyrion vow to do when Cersei least suspects it?
question Who provides refuge for the women of the court in Maegor's Holdfast?
question What poison did Cersei obtain from the Pycelle?
question What does Cersei try to keep up the morale of the women?
question Ser Ilyn is there to kill the women if what is breached?
question Who used Wildfire to destroy a large portion of his fleet?
question Who sends Lancel to bring Joffrey back to the Red Keep?
question Who leaves the field?
question Who did Cersei want to return to the front of King's Landing?
question What is the name of the pillar that Cersei pushes Tommen into?
question Who takes Tommen to the Iron Throne room and prepares to poison him?
question Who reports that Tyrion has won the battle?
question Who is the Kingsguard?
question Why is Tyrion left to recover from his wounds?
question Who ordered the attack on Tyrion?
question Who does Cersei release?
question Who orchestrates a public ceremony honoring those who aided the city in the battle?
question Who is named Lord of Harrenhal for brokering the alliance with House Tyrell?
question Who does Joffrey ask Joffrey to marry?
question Who is Margaery Tyrell's betrothal?
question What kind of applause did the court welcome the decision?
question How many Kingsguards did Cersei visit after the Battle of Blackwater?
question What did Cersei agree to do to her guards?
question Who demands to know how he will slander her to their father?
question When did Cersei discover that a servant girl had stolen a necklace?
question Who did Tyrion tell their father about the theft of a necklace?
question Who says that it isn't slander if it's true?
question What does the queen admit to Tyrion?
question Who retorts that Tyrion is a great deal more clever than her?
question When does Cersei leave to prevent Meryn Trant and Bronn from exchanging blows?
question Who are the guests of Cersei and Joffrey's dinner party?
question What did Margaery hand out to the smallfolk of the city?
question What is Margaery skilled at?
question Who did Margaery trade veiled insults with?
question What does Margaery dress like for a reason?
question Who dismissively tells Cersei off?
question What was Tywin Lannister's position at King's Landing?
question Where is Tywin Lannister's meeting place changed?
question Who has all of the council members called in at once?
question Where are all of the seats on Tywin's landing?
question Who arrives to find the seats are all occupied?
question Who does Cersei speak with?
question Who takes Joffrey with her to greet the common people?
question Who does Cersei meet with to discuss the Tyrells?
question Who did Cersei let Tywin do what he pleased?
question Who did Margaery and Olenna defeat in the Sept of Baelor?
question Who waved to the crowd outside the Sept of Baelor?
question Who has a control over Joffrey?
question Who does Cersei and LittlefingerCersei encounter?
question Who does Littlefinger agree to marry to Sansa?
question Who decides to kill the union in its crib by instead having Tyrion marry Sansa to secure the North?
question Who tells Cersei that he intends to have her marry Loras to secure the Reach?
question Who does Cersei and LittlefingerCersei encounter?
question Who does Littlefinger agree to marry to Sansa?
question Who decides to kill the union in its crib by instead having Tyrion marry Sansa to secure the North?
question Who tells Cersei that he intends to have her marry Loras to secure the Reach?
question Who observes Loras and Sansa from Cersei's chambers?
question Who asks which of the four of Cersei's sarcastically?
question What battle did Cersei accuse his sister of trying to kill him?
question How many people can command the Kingsguard?
question Who did Cersei command to kill him in public?
question Who ordered Ser Mandon Moore to kill him?
question Who does Cersei tell him his life is not in danger?
question Who did Cersei and Lannister discuss about his return to King's Landing?
question Who asks who to break the news to Sansa?
question When does Tyrion decide to dieh Sansa's hopes?
question Who does Cersei threaten to have strangled in her sleep?
question What does Margaery threaten to have Margaery strangled in her sleep?
question What do Joffrey ridicule Tyrion?
question Where does Joffrey head to during the wedding feast?
question What does Cersei do to Margaery Tyrell?
question Where does Cersei stare?
question Who sees Margaery Tyrell?
question Who listens to Tyrion's threats?
question Who reminds him that Sansa is now his aunt-by-marriage?
question Who denies Tyrion's threats?
question Who threatens Robb and Catelyn?
question When does Tywin call out Tywin's cowardice?
question Who does Cersei dismiss?
question What does Tyrion ask her if she is happy as she has children?
question What does Cersei admit to being unhappy with Tyrion?
question Who was born in the Red Keep?
question What does Tyrion ask her when they have dealt with all their enemies?
question How many enemies does Tyrion have?
question Where does Jaime return to?
question What is on Cersei's bed?
question Who does Cersei reject?
question Who asks why she drinks more than she used to?
question Who is Joffrey married to?
question What does Jaime do when she attempts to make love to her?
question Who is Cersei present at?
question Who does Cersei sit with during the wedding feast?
question Who congratulates the king and Margaery?
question What did Cersei do instead of bowed?
question Cersei asks her if she loves what?
question How does Brienne respond to Cersei?
question Who says that the leftovers are going to the poor?
question Who is harassing a young woman?
question What does Cersei tell Pycelle to do?
question Who did Cersei order Pycelle to give the leftovers to?
question What does Pycelle threaten to have him killed if he does not?
question Who do Cersei and Tywin meet?
question What was Tyrion's speech?
question What does Joffrey begin to do?
question Who is the son of Cersei's son?
question What does Tyrion die in her arms?
question What kind of rage does Cersei accuse Tyrion?
question Who has vanished?
question What was Tyrion's speech?
question What does Joffrey begin to do?
question Who is the son of Cersei's son?
question What does Tyrion die in her arms?
question What kind of rage does Cersei accuse Tyrion?
question Who has vanished?
question What did Cersei know about for protecting Tommen?
question Who released Sansa Stark from his captivity?
question What did Jaime say he swore by all the gods that he would bring back Catelyn Stark's daughters to
question Who says that he only did it so he could return to her?
question Who did Cersei believe he could kill?
question What does Jaime remain?
question Who did Cersei try to convince Cersei that he was innocent?
question What does Cersei refer to him as?
question Cersei and Margaery discuss who's future?
question Who was a monster at the coronation of Tommen?
question Who will make a good and decent king?
question Who asks Margaery if she is still interested in being queen?
question Who does Margaery want to speak to about Tommen?
question Who has recently conquered Meereen?
question Who does Cersei doubt is a credible threat to the Iron Throne?
question Who has been spotted in the Riverlands?
question Who did Tyrion believe he was the one to murder?
question Who did Tyrion believe he was the one to murder?
question Who is the champion of Tyrion's trial by combat?
question Who did Cersei arrange for him to marry?
question Who was the sister of Clegane's sister?
question Who manages to maneuver Clegane to the ground and crush his skull?
question Who is sentenced to death by the Mountain's father?
question Who was treated for the wounds of Clegane's sister?
question Who does Cersei say she will not consent to marry?
question What is the name of the rumors Cersei and Jaime have about her relationship with?
question Who does Tywin find when she leaves Tywin's quarters?
question What do Cersei do to Jaime?
question What does she reaffirm her love for her twin brother?
question What hand does Cersei kiss as a symbol of her acceptance?
question Who escorts Cersei to Tywin's funeral?
question Who is Cersei surrounded by lords and ladies?
question Who is Cersei alone with?
question Who stops Cersei?
question What does Jaime warn that their father built for House Lannister belongs to them?
question Who is responsible for Tywin's death?
question Who is Cersei approached by during Tywin's wake?
question Who offers his condolences?
question Who has recovered from Tywin's wounds at the Blackwater?
question Who apologizes for the appearance of Tywin's son?
question Who served the wine that led to Tywin's death?
question What does Cersei do to Tywin's soul?
question Where does Cersei speak with Jaime about retrieving Myrcella?
question What holds Myrcella's necklace in its jaws?
question Who blames Dorne for the deaths of Oberyn and Elia Martell?
question Where does Jaime say I'm going to?
question What does Jaime promise that I'm going to Dorne?
question Who did Willas Bracken want to wed instead of Bronn?
question How many men bring Cersei the head of a dwarf?
question Who donates Cersei's head to?
question Who takes on the additional title of Master of Coin?
question Who was Cersei's uncle?
question Who should attend the meetings of Cersei?
question What does Kevan remind Cersei of?
question Who did Cersei feel dissatisfied with?
question When is Margaery incensed to find the crowd cheering Cersei's name?
question What is the name of Margaery?
question Who does Cersei walk along the battlements?
question What do Cersei find her bragging about to Margaery's handmaidens?
question What do Cersei do with Margaery?
question What happens to Margaery?
question Who abducted Cersei from Littlefinger's brothel?
question What is Cersei's attitude to the High Septon's plight?
question What is the name of the town Cersei visits?
question What does the High Septon throw in?
question Who abducted Cersei from Littlefinger's brothel?
question What is Cersei's attitude to the High Septon's plight?
question What is the name of the town Cersei visits?
question What does the High Septon throw in?
question What did Tommen's tone of voice suggest Loras was allowed to happen in order to interfere with?
question Cersei feigns ignorance about who's arrest?
question Who is the Queen Regent about to dismiss?
question Who is Winterfell 'allying' herself with?
question Where is Cersei 'allying' herself with House Bolton?
question Who has betrayed Cersei?
question Who suggested that Cersei could wait a while until Stannis has dealt with the Boltons?
question Who could mop up the remains of Cersei?
question What is the only boon Littlefinger wants for his service?
question Who brings Sansa's head to Cersei?
question Who is involved in the trial of Cersei?
question What did Cersei play a part in during Loras Tyrell's trial?
question Who is Loras's lover?
question Who is imprisoned for giving false testimony?
question Who sometimes claimed that she would do anything it takes to protect Tommen?
question Who does Margaery visit in her cell?
question What does Cersei find beneath the Sept of Baelor?
question What event did the High Sparrow give Cersei a speech about?
question Who will be revealed for all the world to see, as in the case of everyone, including Cersei herself?
question Who confessed to his adulterous affair with Cersei?
question What is the last thing they will see before they die?
question Who visits Cersei for the next few days?
question What are the charges against Cersei?
question Who summoned Kevan back to the capital?
question What does Qyburn tell Cersei?
question What does Qyburn tell Cersei before he leaves?
question What does Cersei offer to do when she visits her again?
question Who licks the water from the dungeon floor?
question What did Cersei break into when she licks the water from the dungeon floor?
question What happens when Cersei is brought to the High Sparrow?
question What does Cersei confess with Ser Lancel Lannister?
question Who does Cersei deny her incestuous relationship with?
question Who is the son of Cersei?
question What does the High Sparrow say Cersei has to do?
question What is the name of the cell where Cersei is brought to?
question Where is Cersei forced to walk naked?
question Who escorts Cersei through?
question Where does Cersei make it to?
question Who is the uncle of Cersei?
question What does Qyburn cover Cersei's body with?
question How tall is the Mountain?
question Who lifts Cersei up and carries her away?
question Who died in the Red Keep?
question Who comforts Cersei in her quarters?
question What prophecy does Cersei believe their children's deaths are destined according to?
question Who is the only one left?
question What does Jaime promise Cersei for all that their enemies have taken from them?
question Where is a man in which he brags about revealing himself to Cersei?
question How does the King's Landing knight kill Cersei?
question Where is a man in which he brags about revealing himself to Cersei?
question How does the King's Landing knight kill Cersei?
question Who visits Qyburn in his lab?
question Who did Jaime ask Qyburn to order to slaughter the High Sparrow and the Faith Militant?
question What does Qyburn order Qyburn to place all over Westeros?
question Who refuses to accept Cersei, Jaime and Gregor?
question Who leads the council out?
question Who counsels Cersei to Tommen?
question Who claims that Cersei is offering his wisdom to the king?
question Where does Cersei speak with Tommen?
question Who is still a prisoner?
question What is the High Sparrow?
question Who presses Tommen for information?
question Who tells Cersei of her plan?
question Who has been talking to the High Sparrow about Margaery and Loras?
question Who will perform her walk of atonement before the trial?
question Who did Cersei promise to destroy the Sparrows for corrupting?
question Where is Jaime sent to to help the Freys deal with Brynden Tully?
question Who will win her trial by combat?
question What does Jaime kiss?
question What does Olenna express to Cersei?
question What are the two reasons for Olenna to stay in King's Landing?
question Who dragged Loras and Margaery away?
question Who has no support in King's Landing?
question Who entered the Red Keep?
question What group confronts Cersei?
question When does the High Sparrow want to speak with Cersei?
question What does Lancel tell her that the High Sparrow wishes to speak with her at the Sept of Baelor?
question Who promised that Cersei could stay in the Red Keep until her trial?
question Who threatens the Faith Militant?
question What does Cersei say she chooses when Ser Gregor Clegane threatens the Faith Militant?
question Who does the Faith Militant attack?
question Who rips the man's head off and tosses it aside?
question Who escorted Cersei to the Throne Room?
question What is the name of the woman in court in detest?
question Who asks Cersei why she was not informed?
question Who bars Cersei from standing beside her son?
question When does Cersei take her place in the Great Hall?
question Who says that the Crown and the Faith are the two pillars that hold up this world?
question Who does Baratheon say judges all the people of the Seven Kingdoms?
question When will Loras Tyrell and Cersei's trial be held?
question How many septons would Loras and Cersei stand trial before?
question Who had been planning on calling a trial by combat with Gregor as her champion?
question Who was Cersei's champion?
question How does Cersei dress on the day of her trial?
question What kind of clothes does Cersei wear on the day of her trial?
question Where does Cersei not show up for her trial?
question Who placed a large cache of wildfire underneath the Sept?
question What do Qyburn's little birds have to shrink to a size in which the cache can be ignited?
question What is the name of Qyburn's little birds assassinate?
question What is the name of the imprisoned person that Cersei begins torturing?
question Who was captured by Cersei?
question What does Cersei call continuously upon her departure?
question What does Cersei say Unella is not going to die for?
question Who commits suicide by jumping out a window?
question What is buried at the ruins of the Sept?
question Who is the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who is the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who commits suicide by jumping out a window?
question What is buried at the ruins of the Sept?
question Who is the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who is the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who did Cersei and Jaime meet with to discuss a possible alliance?
question What did Euron promise to return with?
question Who urged nobles from the Reach to reaffirm their allegiance to the Iron Throne?
question Who would pillage their lands and homes?
question Who replies that he is at work on a solution?
question Who test the ballista?
question What dragon was wounded by a spear at Meereen?
question Who reassures Cersei that dragons are not invincible?
question Who is the dragon of Aegon the Conqueror?
question Who did Ellaria and Tyene Sand poison?
question Who poisoned Myrcella?
question Who agrees to Euron's marriage proposal?
question Who compromised Euron's defence?
question Who does Cersei taunt?
question What does Cersei understand about Ellaria and Tyene?
question Who did Oberyn taunt Ellaria?
question What poison did Ellaria use on?
question Who gives Cersei the antidote?
question Who tells Ellaria that she intends to keep Tyene alive to watch Tyene die and rot in the cell?
question Who did Bernadette engage with?
question Who tells Cersei that Tycho Nestoris of the Iron Bank of Braavos has arrived?
question Which bank did Bernadette hope to get a loan after Jaime took?
question Why did Daenerys end her wealth in Slaver's Bay?
question Who did Bernadette engage with?
question Who tells Cersei that Tycho Nestoris of the Iron Bank of Braavos has arrived?
question Which bank did Bernadette hope to get a loan after Jaime took?
question Why did Daenerys end her wealth in Slaver's Bay?
question In what battle did Jaime inform Cersei of their defeat?
question What does Jaime insist that the Lannisters have no chance of defeating Daenerys?
question Who is the throne Cersei occupies?
question Who confessed to Joffrey's murder?
question Who would Olenna prefer to marry Joffrey?
question Who became the true ruler of Westeros?
question Who confessed to Joffrey's murder?
question Who would Olenna prefer to marry Joffrey?
question Who became the true ruler of Westeros?
question Who tells Jaime of her pregnancy?
question Who does Jaime tell Cersei that he met with?
question Who is seeking an armistice when Cersei asks if Daenerys wants to negotiate a surrender?
question Who secretly organized the meeting between Tyrion and Jaime?
question Who did Cersei believe would be a wiser move?
question What did Jaime plan to punish Bronn for?
question What is the name of Jaime's children?
question Who does Cersei believe does not concern himself with the opinions of the sheep?
question Who tells Cersei that Daenerys' forces are en route to the Dragonpit?
question Who tells Cersei that if anything should go wrong, he should kill Daenerys first?
question What factions are Cersei, Jaime, Qyburn and Euron?
question Who is flying overhead when Cersei demands to know where her rival is?
question Who did Euron threaten to kill Yara?
question Who orders Euron to sit down?
question Who try to warn Cersei of the greater threat coming for them all?
question Sandor returns with the crate containing what?
question Who gets the crate open, but there is still no movement?
question What does Sandor give the crate?
question Who pulls the wight back on a chain?
question What did the assembled look on as the wight's upper half still moves around?
question Who gave Jon a torch to show how fire can be used to stop the wights?
question What does Jon use to end the wight's upper half?
question Who asks how many wights are coming?
question What does Euron ask about the wights?
question Who announces to Cersei his intention to withdraw the Iron Fleet back to the Iron Isles?
question What did Euron declare to Cersei that he had been over the whole world?
question What do Daenerys tell Daenerys to do when they are the only two left alive?
question Who is Daenerys concerned with?
question Who is King in the North and Ned Stark's son?
question How many queens does Jon say he cannot serve?
question Who does Cersei declare that there will be no truce if it is just?
question What did Tyrion do to Cersei?
question Who did Tyrion kill?
question Who did Tyrion love most as much as Cersei?
question Who did Cersei blame for his deaths?
question What does a tense moment pass in which Cersei does not give the order?
question What does Tyrion head straight for?
question What does Tyrion believe Cersei is pregnant?
question Who did Cersei explain her plot to?
question Who will the Lannister army march north to fight?
question What does Jaime meet with his commanders after the enemy delegation has left?
question Who asks Jaime what he is doing?
question Who does Cersei tell Jaime he is the stupidest Lannister?
question Who has not abandoned Cersei?
question Who did Cersei intentionally leaked her pregnancy to?
question Who did Cersei accuse Cersei of plotting with?
question Who will come seeking revenge over the fact Cersei betrayed and left them to die?
question What does Jaime declare that he will fight to honor?
question Who blocked Jaime's way when he tries to leave?
question What does Jaime call her if he tries to leave?
question What happens to Jaime as she watches Jaime leave?
question What happened to Cersei as the Golden Company ferry into the bay?
question Who is the capain of the Golden Company?
question What chamber does Cersei follow her into?
question What does Cersei call Euron the most arrogant man she's ever met?
question What does Cersei's face become drawn when he claims he will make her pregnant?
question What happened to Cersei as the Golden Company ferry into the bay?
question Who is the capain of the Golden Company?
question What chamber does Cersei follow her into?
question What does Cersei call Euron the most arrogant man she's ever met?
question What does Cersei's face become drawn when he claims he will make her pregnant?
question Who has Drogon and her armies slaughtered Cersei's forces?
question Who did Daenerys have to slaughter Cersei's forces and civilians in King's Landing?
question What does Cersei spend much of the battle in?
question What is the name of the Red Keep that Cersei gives in to Qyburn's suggestion to leave?
question Who kills her Queensguard?
question Who abandons her to fight Sandor?
question Who finally finds her in the war room?
question Where do Cersei and Cersei flee?
question Who cries and begs Jaime not to leave her?
question What does Jaime hugs Cersei?
question What happens to Cersei as they embrace for the final time?
question Where were the corpses of Cersei and Jaime found?
question Who saw Daenerys as a savior?
question What is Tyrion free from with Cersei dead?
question Who did Cersei Lannister believe was the one who would destroy House Lannister?
question What caused the destruction of Cersei Lannister's house?
question What does Cersei believe she is willing to betray anyone who trusts her?
question What is Cersei's fault?
question What is Cersei prone to being unskilled at?
question Who was Cersei's father?
question What does Cersei's father say she isn't as intelligent as she thinks?
question Who does not punish a pair of bounty hunters to avoid discouraging other hunters from finding Tyrion?
question Why did Cersei's schemes backfire on her?
question What did Cersei's scheme do before exiling him to the Wall?
question Who did Cersei fail to predict would be foolish to start a war by having Ned executed instead?
question What did Cersei's scheme do to undermine the Tyrells' plot to marry Loras to Sansa?
question Who was imprisoned by the Faith Militant?
question What did Cersei believe did not allow her to understand that the same tactics she used against the Tyrells could also be used against her?
question Who was Cersei's last living child?
question Who abandoned Cersei's scheme to betray the Targaryens and the North after the parley of King's Land
question When did Cersei lose all of her scheming?
question Who does Sansa assume that Cersei has the dignified personality of?
question Who raised Cersei?
question What does Cersei try to exude in public?
question What is Cersei's usual response to when things do not go her own way?
question What does Cersei's inability to foresee the full consequences of her plans combine with?
question What is Cersei's advantage against her enemies?
question What is Cersei's tendency to do?
question Who reminds Cersei that the world mustn't know Myrcella really is their daughter?
question Who did Cersei acknowledge did not kill Joffrey?
question What did Cersei forget about Tyrion's actions?
question When did Cersei openly ignore that she was the one who made the mistakes that destabilized more and more the position of their family?
question What is Cersei's behavior capable of switching between?
question Why did Cersei try to use the Faith Militant to undermine House Tyrell?
question What does Tyrion say Cersei uses her honest feelings to do?
question What is true about Cersei?
question What does Cersei despise the restraints placed on her?
question What does the Seven Kingdoms have more liberal attitudes when it comes to involving female members of their family in politics?
question From what age are the women of House Tyrell trained in the skills of ruling?
question Who was Cersei's father?
question What was Cersei's duty to do?
question What does Tywin believe Cersei is?
question What is the practical result of Cersei's refusal to be skilled in ruling or political intrigue?
question What does Cersei blame her father or society for?
question Why is Cersei angry at men?
question When was Cersei drunk?
question What is Cersei's lack of a parental relationship reflected in?
question What does Cersei treat her children as?
question Who did Cersei refuse to allow her children to be breasfed by?
question When events threaten to take any of her children away from her?
question What kind of smug did Cersei watch as the Sept explodes with innocent people?
question What does Cersei do to her children?
question Who did Cersei spend her entire childhood convinced that he was going to grow up to be the best king ever?
question Who did Cersei acknowledge was a monster after his death?
question What did Joffrey's overindulgence do?
question Who seems oblivious to the fact that she ignored her two younger children?
question Who was Cersei's father?
question Who did Cersei fixate on so much that she barely knew Myrcella and Tommen?
question Who was sent away to Dorne in a marriage-alliance?
question Who said that Cersei doesn't even know her?
question What did Cersei do after the destruction of the Great Sept of Baelor?
question Who did Cersei not go immediately to after his wife was killed in the explosion?
question Who humiliated Cersei?
question Who deprived Cersei of power?
question What does Cersei show on her part?
question What happened to Cersei as well as the Freys' military incompetence?
question What bank has the Crown debt to?
question What was Cersei's ultimate ambition of being crowned?
question What was Cersei's lack of ability to see the far-reaching consequences of her actions?
question What was Cersei's sense of morality attributed to?
question Who are all dead in the Great Sept of Baelor?
question What did Cersei use to destroy the Great Sept of Baelor?
question How long did the Great Sept of Baelor last?
question Who did this act cause a wedge between Cersei and?
question Who knows that Cersei's grim look upon returning to King's Landing means that he understands that she is becoming exactly like
question What did Cersei appear to have become in regards to her crimes?
question Who did Cersei have an incestuous relationship with?
question Who tortured Unella?
question What was the name of Ellaria Sand's daughter?
question Who died to Ellaria?
question Who did Olenna Tyrell mention before Cersei's death?
question Who noted that Cersei was not willing to go to keep her power?
question Why was Cersei cited as one of the most dangerous people in Westeros?
question What does Cersei maintain?
question What war led to the death of Eddard Stark?
question What has Cersei become more arrogant and callous with her ascension to queen?
question Who did Cersei feign a threat with?
question What is the feeling of Cersei's ascension to queen?
question What does Cersei express her need to protect their new child?
question Who did Cersei mimic during the end of Robert's Rebellion?
question What is Cersei Lannister's character?
question What does Cersei's behavior reinforce?
question What happened to Cersei's game of thrones?
question What does Cersei drown in her tears with as comfort until the end of the Battle of King's Landing?
question What does Cersei drown in her tears with as comfort until the end of the Battle of King's Landing?
question What does only appear as?
question Who is featured in a range of promotional images and screen captures?
question Who became pregnant just before Season began filming?
question What did the production team work around Cersei's pregnancy?
question What do most of Cersei's costumes have in front of her to hide her pregnancy?
question What was shot from behind in quick-cuts?
question What does the sex scene with Lena Headey do?
question Who is the actress in the TV series?
question Who did the TV producers never show naked since the beginning of Season's Mother's Mercy?
question Which model used a body double before Season's Mother's Mercy?
question Why was Headey upset about the media about the divorce of her first marriage?
question When did Headey reveal that she was pregnant with her second child?
question Who is supposed to make the entire penance walk with an utterly stoic face?
question In what series is Cersei a beautiful but cold woman who does not get along with her husband?
question What does Cersei do?
question What is Cersei frustrated by?
question Who is Cersei close to?
question Who was born to Cersei and Jaime?
question How old is Peter Dinklage in the A Song of Ice and Fire series?
question In which novel does Cersei become a POV character?
question Who are Cersei's brothers?
question Who never gave birth to any child by Robert?
question Why did Cersei abort her child?
question Who was Cersei unaware of both the pregnancy and the abortion?
question What did Catelyn say she had a beautiful black-haired boy?
question Who has been made a Kingsguard after the battle of the Blackwater?
question Who is Mace's eldest son and heir?
question Who vetoes the match in revenge for the Lannisters foiling her plot to marry Sansa to Willas?
question Who are also suggested as a match for Cersei?
question Who does Cersei never threaten to re-marry?
question Who asks for a few days to consider Cersei?
question When does Tywin die?
question What kingdom does Cersei rule as Queen Regent?
question What does Cersei grow to become?
question What happens to Cersei's schemes?
question Who are the two characters of questionable loyalty?
question What does Cersei become during her reign?
question Who is disgusted by Cersei's behavior?
question What does Cersei interpret every statement, causal comment or even a smile as a plot against her?
question What does Kevan advise Cersei to appoint Randyll Tarly or Mathis Rowan as?
question Why is Cersei annoyed at the Tyrells?
question Who plotted against Cersei?
question What is the name of the jailer who disappeared the night Tyrion escaped?
question Where does Cersei think Tyrion is still hiding?
question Who attempted to kill Myrcella?
question Who makes a number of rash and ill-judged decisions?
question Who was Cersei's cronies?
question Who is the bastard of Cersei's fleet?
question Who does Cersei refuse to honor the Crown's debt to?
question Where does the Iron Bank send a representative to?
question Who does Cersei allow to be re-established in return for cancelling the Crown's debts to the Faith?
question Who was Cersei's henchman?
question What does Cersei want to do with Hand of the King?
question What happens when Cersei threatens Kevan?
question What does Kevan call Kevan?
question What does Cersei throw in Kevan's face?
question How many Lannister cousins did Cersei name instead of Kevan?
question Who did Cersei choose instead of Kevan?
question Who was Jon Snow's last surviving son?
question Who does Cersei place a bounty on?
question What does Cersei fear that doing so will allow Tyrion to escape?
question Who wants nothing to do with the increasing brutality and rampant cronyism of her reign?
question Who does Cersei treat?
question Who did Tyrion believe Cersei was cheating on him?
question What was the name of the previous murder of Cersei?
question Who wants nothing to do with the increasing brutality and rampant cronyism of her reign?
question Who does Cersei treat?
question Who did Tyrion believe Cersei was cheating on him?
question What was the name of the previous murder of Cersei?
question Who does Cersei send to capture?
question Who does Cersei order to seduce Margaery?
question Who is tortured by Cersei?
question What happens when the High Septon grows suspicious of Kettleblack's confession?
question What did Kettleblack say he has been sleeping with Cersei?
question What do the unworthy people that Cersei has appointed to the small council act as?
question Who will storm King's Landing?
question What does Cersei agree must be taken?
question Who arrested Cersei on charges of high treason, fornication, incest, regicide, deicide and adultery
question What did Cersei confess to?
question Who writes to Cersei, pleading for help?
question How is Cersei allowed to return to the Red Keep?
question Who is the re-animated Gregor Clegane?
question What is Cersei confined to?
question Who is the only one who remains loyal to Cersei?
question Where does Kevan intend to return Cersei after the trial?
question What is SER-see LAN-iss-ter?
question What is Cersei Lannister pronounced?
question What is the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name
question Who are the Celebrate New Poster Boys?
question What is the name of the new poster boys Sam & Bucky Daenery Boys TargaryenRhaegar Targaryen
question Sam & Bucky Daenery TargaryenRhaegar TargaryenSansa StarkArya Stark?
question What is the name of Queen Daenerys I Targaryen?
question Who was Queen Daenerys I Targaryen's predecessor?
question When was Queen Daenerys I Targaryen crowned?
question What kind of youth did Daenerys initially become?
question What kind of youth was Daenerys initially obedient?
question What kind of ruler did Daenerys become?
question What madness did Daenerys succumb to?
question What was the name of the land that killed Daenerys?
question Who assassinated Daenerys?
question Who succeeded Daenerys?
question What was the name of Daenerys of the House Targaryen?
question Who was the Mad King?
question When did Daenerys' father die?
question What was the conquest known as?
question Where did Viserys flee to escape Robert?
question Who was Daenerys's brother killed in the war by Robert?
question Who murdered Rhaegar's wife?
question Who died shortly after giving birth to Rhaegar?
question What was the name of the son of Lyanna Stark?
question What did Eddard name Jon to protect his sister's son?
question Where did Eddard raise Jon as his own child?
question What did Jon become when he joined the Night's Watch?
question When was Daenerys born?
question What is Daenerys sometimes called?
question What was Daenerys's mother's name?
question Who was Viserys' brother?
question Who gave Viserys and Daenerys sanctuary?
question When does Viserys hit Daenerys?
question What did Viserys's domination leave her?
question Who brokered a deal for Pentos to marry Khal Drogo of the Dothraki?
question Who does Magister Illyrio Mopatis want to marry?
question What is the name of the khalasar that Viserys plans to use in his invasion of?
question What does Viserys tell Daenerys?
question What does Viserys fondle under the pretext of examining how she has grown?
question What does Daenerys' servant warn her of when she enters a bath?
question Who did Viserys insist on Daenerys's marriage to?
question What does Drogo ride away after taking a glance at Daenerys?
question Who assures Viserys that if he did not approve of Daenerys, they would have known?
question Where do Illyrio and Viserys discuss the quest to sail back to?
question Who does Viserys blurt out that Daenerys does not want to marry Drogo?
question Who did Viserys want to retake his father's throne from?
question How many of Drogo's men were raped by Viserys?
question Who does Drogo give a gift?
question Who gives Dany three dragon eggs?
question How many dragon eggs does Magister Illyrio give Dany?
question Who is a knight of Westeros?
question What is the name of the mare that Drogo gives Dany?
question Who says the mare is beautiful and wants to thank Drogo?
question Who tells her that there is no word for the Dothraki word for 'thank you'?
question What does Daenerys do on their wedding night?
question Who moves west with Drogo's khalasar?
question Who's khalasar moves west with Daenerys?
question Who moves west with Drogo's khalasar?
question Who's khalasar moves west with Daenerys?
question What does Daenerys command the khalasar to?
question Who defends Daenerys from his attempts at violence?
question Who did Daenerys beg her men to spare Viserys?
question What does Daenerys discover she is with Drogo's child?
question What does Daenerys expect to have a son?
question What buoys the love between Daenerys and Drogo?
question Where do Daenerys and the khalasar arrive?
question Who points out the difficulties of persuading the Dothraki to cross the Narrow Sea?
question Why would the Dothraki not be able to root them out?
question What does Jorah admit to selling the poachers as slaves to raise money for his wife?
question Who asks Daenerys where his wife is?
question Who invites Viserys to dinner?
question What does Viserys react angrily at being dressed in?
question What does Daenerys hit Viserys across the face with?
question What angrily reminds Viserys of her position as Drogo's wife and the mother of his child?
question Where does the word of Daenerys' pregnancy reach?
question Where does the word of Daenerys' pregnancy reach?
question Who secretly visits Varys?
question What does Daenerys study?
question Who studies one of her dragon eggs?
question What does Daenerys study?
question What is Illyrio's claim that dragon eggs are now only?
question What happens to Daenerys's disappointment?
question What does Irri think she is removing the egg from the brazier when Irri comes in?
question Who takes the egg from Daenerys?
question What is the name of Daenerys's unborn son?
question Who is the khal of khals who will unite the Dothraki into a single horde that will over
question Who stops Viserys?
question Who did Viserys demand that he pay the agreed price for Daenerys?
question Who executes Viserys when he threatens Daenerys and her unborn child?
question What does Daenerys believe Viserys was not a true dragon?
question Who does not trust ships and water their horses cannot drink?
question Who is dead?
question Who attempts to poison Daenerys to fulfill Robert's orders?
question Who rescued Daenerys?
question What does Drogo swear will lead his forces across the Narrow Sea and seize the Seven Kingdoms?
question What is the name of the 'lamb-men' that Drogo leads into the lands of Lhazar?
question What do the Dothraki seize?
question What does Daenerys do to the Dothraki?
question Who is one of Drogo's riders?
question What does Drogo sustain?
question Who is one of the women Daenerys has saved?
question What is the name of the 'lamb-men' that Drogo leads into the lands of Lhazar?
question What do the Dothraki seize?
question What does Daenerys do to the Dothraki?
question Who is one of Drogo's riders?
question What does Drogo sustain?
question Who is one of the women Daenerys has saved?
question What is the name of the child that Daenerys discovers Drogo?
question What state does Duur leave Drogo in?
question What did Duur do for the sacking of Drogo's village?
question The ritual that saved Drogo drew its power from what?
question Who is Daenerys?
question Who ends Drogo's misery?
question What must Daenerys smother Drogo?
question What does Daenerys construct for Drogo's body?
question What does Daenerys place on the funeral pyre?
question Who believes that she means to die?
question Who is left with Daenerys?
question What does Daenerys say she will lead them to a great destiny?
question How many newly-hatched dragons are clinging to Daenerys body?
question What do Dothraki proclaim Daenerys?
question What does Daenerys observe?
question What does Daenerys refuse to feed her newborn dragons?
question What does Daenerys see the dragons as?
question How many bloodriders does Daenerys send her?
question Where does Osha believe the red comet is an omen for the dragons owned by Daenerys?
question Who awaits for her blood-riders in the Red Waste?
question Who discovers Rakharo's head and severed braid in its saddlebag?
question What did Ser Jorah Mormont believe was the cause of Rakharo's death?
question What land does Irri believe the mutilation will prevent Rakharo from entering?
question What does Daenerys promise to do to Rakharo?
question Who returns with an invitation from the great city of Qarth?
question What is Daenerys feeling at the lukewarm reception?
question Who is the ruling council that refuses Daenerys entry?
question What order does Xaro Xhoan Daxos vouche against?
question What does Pyat Pree witness?
question Who does Daenerys teach to cook and eat their own meat?
question Who suggested that Daenerys use her skill as a lover to find out more about Xaro?
question Who is Daenerys introduced to?
question Where does Pyat Pree invite Daenerys to visit?
question Who does Xaro believe Jorah has feelings for?
question What does Xaro show Daenerys?
question Who died in the Valyrian stone vault?
question Who does Daenerys seek?
question What does Xaro counsel against entering?
question What does Xaro reveal about his feelings for Daenerys?
question What does Xaro agree with Daenerys?
question Who does Daenerys appeal to?
question What does Daenerys consider to be too risky an investment?
question What does the Spice King say she will have to do without his ships?
question What did Daenerys find?
question How many of Daenery's men have been brutally murdered?
question Where has Doreah taken her dragons to?
question Who is left terrified by Daenerys?
question Who announces his intention to seize control of the city?
question How many duplicates does Pyat Pree create to murder the rest of the Thirteen?
question Who stabbed Pyat Pree through the back of the Thirteen?
question Who is revealed to be another one of the duplicates?
question Where are Daenerys children at?
question Where has Daenerys recently booked passage to?
question Where does Jorah ask Jorah to lead her to?
question Where does Daenerys arrive?
question Where does Daenerys find herself?
question Who does Daenerys experience a vision of?
question What is Daenerys presented with?
question Where does Daenerys turn away from?
question Where does Daenerys walk through the gates of the Wall surrounded by more snow?
question Who is Drogo's infant son?
question What does Drogo talk about?
question Who does Daenerys and her dragons use fire to kill and escape?
question Who appears and explains that Daenerys and her brood are the sources of Pyat's restored magic?
question Who chained Daenerys?
question What is the name of the young queen who regards Pree with a cool, almost lazy gaze?
question Who is incinerated after a couple of tries?
question Where does Daenerys depart from?
question Who is in bed with Daenerys?
question What does Daenerys use to open?
question What does Daenerys observe when it is empty?
question Doreah and Xaro are locked into the empty vault to die, their pleas cut off by what?
question Where does Daenerys salvage enough to buy a ship?
question How many dragons did Daenerys watch with?
question Who tends to Drogon?
question What was the size of Daenerys's dragons?
question What were Daenerys' dragons capable of?
question What does Daenerys need?
question What does Daenerys know would become problematic in Westeros?
question Who convinces Daenerys that she has no other means of acquiring an army?
question What do Daenerys consider expanding?
question Who translated Low Valyrian into the Common Tongue of Westeros for Daenerys?
question Who is the owner of the Unsullied barracks?
question What does Kraznys not know about Daenerys?
question How old were the Unsullied trained for battle?
question What do the Unsullied do not fear pain or death?
question What does Kraznys show to the Unsullied?
question What does Daenerys learn about the Unsullied?
question Who is outraged by the Unsullied regime?
question How many unsullied soldiers are there for sale?
question Who did Jorah recommend that Daenerys purchase the Unsullied?
question Who follows Daenerys and Jorah?
question What is the name of the man who follows Daenerys and Jorah?
question What does the child give Daenerys a gift?
question Who knocks Daenerys out of her hand?
question Who knocks Daenerys to the ground?
question What does the ball release to Daenerys?
question Who kills Daenerys with his dagger?
question What does the child use to escape?
question Who did Ser Barristan beg her forgiveness for failing during Robert's Rebellion?
question In return for his wrongs, Ser Barristan offers to serve in what?
question Who knocks Daenerys out of her hand?
question Who knocks Daenerys to the ground?
question What does the ball release to Daenerys?
question Who kills Daenerys with his dagger?
question What does the child use to escape?
question Who did Ser Barristan beg her forgiveness for failing during Robert's Rebellion?
question In return for his wrongs, Ser Barristan offers to serve in what?
question Who knocks Daenerys out of her hand?
question Who knocks Daenerys to the ground?
question What does the ball release to Daenerys?
question Who kills Daenerys with his dagger?
question What does the child use to escape?
question Who did Ser Barristan beg her forgiveness for failing during Robert's Rebellion?
question In return for his wrongs, Ser Barristan offers to serve in what?
question Who did Daenerys reach an agreement with to sell Drogon for all of the Unsullied soldiers?
question What dragon did Kraznys sell for all of the Unsullied soldiers?
question What are key to winning the Iron Throne?
question Who does Daenerys take as a token of faith?
question What did Daenerys scold Jorah and Selmy for?
question What does Missandei respond to?
question Who warns Missandei that she was heading to war?
question What is the name of the Valyrian aphorism Missandei recites?
question What is the name of the Valyrian aphorism Missandei recites?
question What does Missandei know?
question Who prepares to exchange Drogon?
question Who does Daenerys hand the chained Drogon to?
question What is the symbol of ownership over the Unsullied?
question What did Daenerys order the Unsullied to do?
question What language did Barristan and Jorah not know about Drogon?
question Who takes control of the Unsullied?
question Why did Kraznys order the Unsullied to kill all the slave masters and free all the slaves in Astapor?
question What does Daenerys order to do when Kraznys desperately shouts for someone to kill her?
question Who does Daenerys sack with little resistance?
question What does Astapor say to all of her Unsullied warriors?
question What does Daenerys give them the option of fighting under her command as free men?
question What do the Unsullied remain at first?
question What does one Unsullied soldier beat against the ground?
question What did the rest of the Unsullied follow shortly after Daenerys sack Astapor?
question What do the Unsullied warriors do?
question What is the next great city of Slaver's Bay?
question Who was given the name of a type of vermin?
question Who set Grey Worm free?
question What does Jorah believe Yunkai's defenders will use against her army?
question What does Jorah view as a distraction from their main goal of taking Westeros?
question How many slaves do Yunkai have?
question Who orders Daenerys to send a messenger to the city?
question Who is Razdal mo Eraz?
question What did Razdal claim to have prevented Daenerys from attacking his city?
question Who is undaunted and comments that a hard-fought battle will give her unsullied much-needed practice?
question What did Razdal provide to her to transport her army to Westeros?
question Where will Daenerys leave Yunkai?
question Who did Daenerys give Razdal an ultimatum?
question Who rejects Razdal's offer?
question What do Razdal threaten to use to destroy her?
question Who makes threatening gestures toward Razdal?
question Who did Daenerys respond to when Razdal protested that he had been promised safe conduct?
question Why is Razdal unable to reclaim the chests of gold he brought with him?
question Who did Daenerys order her knights to find out about?
question Who is the Second Sons?
question What are the Second Sons?
question Who does Daenerys tell to organize a meeting with the Second Sons' captains?
question Who does Dany meet with?
question Who does Mero liken Daenerys to?
question What is the name of the throne that Daenerys reclaims?
question How many dragons did Daenerys have a year ago?
question How long does Daenerys give them to make up their mind?
question Who does Dany meet with?
question Who does Mero liken Daenerys to?
question What is the name of the throne that Daenerys reclaims?
question How many dragons did Daenerys have a year ago?
question How long does Daenerys give them to make up their mind?
question Who suggested attacking the city through its lightly defended back gate?
question What did Daario plan to do to sack Yunkai?
question Who was skeptical of the plan?
question What did Daario try to do during the war meeting?
question What did Ser Barristan do to guard Daenerys?
question Who guarded Yunkai?
question Who captured Yunkai within a few hours?
question What did people of Yunkai celebrate Daenerys as?
question What did Daenerys tell the slaves that it was their own choice to reach for?
question From what language did the liberated slaves use Daenerys as their mhysa?
question What did the former slaves see Daenerys as in an increasingly dark world?
question How many dragons does Daenerys have?
question What does Daenerys stroke?
question What does Drogon do to Daenerys?
question Drogon roars and goes to what?
question Drogon snarls a warning at who?
question Drogon snarls a warning at his mother?
question Who approaches the gambling commanders?
question Who is absent and sets out to find them after being told they are gambling?
question What do Grey Worm and Daario Naharis decide on?
question Who does Daenerys say the honor goes to?
question What does Daenerys order the two men to do?
question What does Daenerys say the last man holding his sword will find to fight for?
question What do both Daario and Grey Worm drop their swords?
question Who tells Daenerys that Meereen would be wise to fear her approach?
question Where does Daario meet Missandei?
question What is important to Missandei's strategy?
question What does Daenerys find on the road to Meereen?
question Who tells Daenerys there is one for each mile to the last of the great slave cities?
question Who offers to have outriders go ahead and bury them?
question Who is Dany's champion?
question Who challenges Daenerys to choose a champion that will fight for her?
question Who is the most expendable member of Daenerys's entourage?
question What did Naharis catapult from the slaves she has freed across the city walls?
question Who looks on as the slaves examine the broken chains?
question Who led Daenerys to sneak into Meereen?
question What is the success of the slave revolt in Meereen?
question What do the freedmen of Meereen celebrate her arrival?
question Who was the council of Daenerys to answer their injustice with mercy?
question What banner covers the Great Harpy of Meereen?
question Who took the Meereenese navy?
question Where does Daenerys ask if it is enough to take her army to?
question What did Jorah say she might be able to take King's Landing?
question In what city did the Wise Masters re-established slavery?
question Who has overthrown the council she has left behind to rule in Astapor?
question Who does Daenerys command to leave her?
question What does Daenerys decide to stay in Meereen?
question What does Daenerys set up the time to hear from her new subjects?
question What is one of Daenerys's first subjects?
question Who asks to be allowed to bury his father?
question Who swayed Daenerys?
question Who informs Daenerys that there are more supplicants?
question Who is surprised at Daario's intrusion?
question Who wants to give Daario flowers?
question What are the two talents Daario asks to indulge in?
question Who is assigned to patrol Meereen?
question What does Daario say does not do?
question What does Daenerys do if he is sworn to her?
question Who orders him to take off his clothes?
question Who does Daenerys accept?
question When Daenerys leaves, Jorah observes that he is what?
question What is the name of the second Sons that Daenerys says she is sending the Second Sons to retake?
question To ensure that what is truly dead in the city, Daario is under orders to kill every Wise Master the Second Sons encounter?
question Who told Jorah that she is about to go to the Wise Masters?
question What does Daenerys instruct Jorah to tell Daario that she has changed her mind?
question Who leaves Daenerys council?
question Who is in her chambers with Missandei?
question What did Missandei catch while she was bathing naked downstream?
question Who asks if Missandei thinks he was spying on her?
question What does Missandei say Missandei thinks he was spying on her?
question What does Missandei say Grey Worm isn't interested in?
question Who did Missandei say he was interested in?
question Who does Missandei ask if a slave is castrated?
question What does Missandei say about Grey Worm?
question What does Missandei say she has?
question Who finds out that Jorah was spying on Missandei?
question Who banishes Jorah from her service?
question Who plotted to divide Jorah?
question When did Daenerys counter that the pardon was forged?
question What did Daenerys claim the pardon was?
question Where did Varys confess to giving Varys information on Daenerys's activities?
question Who gave Varys information on Jorah's pregnancy to them?
question Why did Daenerys retort Jorah's actions stop her from being poisoned?
question What did Daenerys say he betrayed Jorah?
question What does Jorah give him a day to leave Meereen?
question Where will Jorah's head be thrown?
question On what horse is Jorah last seen leaving Meereen?
question Who is receiving another day's supplicants?
question Who approaches the throne of Daenerys?
question Who employed Fennesz as a teacher for his own children?
question How many years old is Calla?
question Who was well-treated and well-respected as a servant of Master Mighdal?
question Where did Fennesz stay after she took the city?
question Who asked Fennesz to stay in her house after she took the city?
question What did Daenerys insist she had established to feed the freed slaves and barracks?
question What does Fennesz say he has visited the refugee centers?
question What did Fennesz believe he was too old to start anew?
question Who did Daenerys come to to beg her permission to sell himself back to?
question What does Fennesz want to own as a slave?
question What does Daenerys implores her that the young who can adapt rejoice in her new world?
question Who is waiting outside to make similar requests?
question What does Daenerys admit to means making one's own choices?
question How long was Fennesz's labor contract with Mighdal?
question What does Fennesz earnestly thank her?
question What is the name of the supplicant who enters the labor contract with Mighdal?
question Who does Daenerys require to translate?
question What is the name of a human child?
question What is the name of Daenerys's dragon?
question What does Daenerys implores her that the young who can adapt rejoice in her new world?
question Who is waiting outside to make similar requests?
question What does Daenerys admit to means making one's own choices?
question How long was Fennesz's labor contract with Mighdal?
question What does Fennesz earnestly thank her?
question What is the name of the supplicant who enters the labor contract with Mighdal?
question Who does Daenerys require to translate?
question What is the name of a human child?
question What is the name of Daenerys's dragon?
question What happened to the Golden harpy?
question Who was murdered after the removal of the golden harpy from the top of the Great Pyramid?
question Who did Daenerys request that he be buried with full honors in the Temple of the Graces?
question Who reports on the situation in Yunkai?
question What did Hizdahr refuse to support?
question Who tried to convince Viserion and Rhaegal to reconsider?
question What was the name of the slave that Daenerys learned?
question Who hasn't been seen in weeks?
question Where do Rhaegal and Viserion visit?
question What does Daenerys try to attack upon hearing Rhaegal's voice?
question Who leads a council meeting in the pyramid debating the fate of a Son of the Harpy?
question Who was the freed Meereenese slave?
question What does Barristan tell Daenerys about?
question What does Barristan consider her father's lies?
question Barristan insists that what did Daenerys do to her enemies?
question What did Barristan tell Daenerys about her father's killings?
question Who was killed in the rebellion?
question What does Daenerys assure Barristan about?
question Who gave his enemies justice he thought they deserved?
question Who did Daenerys promise not to have executed without a fair trial?
question Who is escorted away from the riots by the Unsullied?
question What did Mossador say broke the law?
question What did Daenerys promise when she conquered Meereen?
question Who escorted Daenerys away from the riots?
question Who is Dany reunited with?
question What does Dany find atop the Great Pyramid?
question What was Dany's reign over?
question What is Daenerys left as she gazes at Drogon from the distance?
question Who speaks with Ser Barristan about Rhaegar?
question Where did Rhaegar and Ser Barristan leave?
question What did Viserys say Rhaegar loved?
question What happened to Rhaegar's money at a minstrel?
question Who is in the throne room awaiting Daario?
question What does Daario assure her about Hizdahr?
question What did Daenerys tell Barristan to do in the city below?
question Who pleads again to reopen the fighting pits of Meereen?
question Who argues that the fighting pits provide a great spectacle that has always been enjoyed by both the masters and slaves?
question Who does not interrupt Hizdahr as he continues to offer his proposal?
question Who is Dany devastated upon learning of Ser Barristan's untimely death?
question Who is the leader of Meereen's noble families?
question What does Daenerys force the leaders forwards towards?
question Who advises her queen to trust the decision that she alone sees?
question What did Missandei do to Daenerys?
question What does Daenerys decide to do to secure her bondage with the noble people of Meereen?
question Who reassures him that her marriage to Hizdahr is purely political in order to maintain peace?
question What does Daario suggest about her marriage to Hizdahr?
question What pit does Dany view the fighters training for?
question What caused Daenerys to become intrigued by the newcomer?
question Who is the surviving fighter who reveals himself as when the fighting is over?
question What does Jorah shout out that he has brought Daenerys?
question Who is Jorah's companion?
question Who brought Tyrion and Jorah to her inside the Great Pyramid?
question Who did Tyrion and Jorah doubt about?
question What did Tyrion's advice do to Jorah?
question Who does Daenerys ask to be her adviser?
question What do Daenerys think about executing Tyrion for betraying her family?
question What does Daenerys suggest that she consolidate her power in Meereen and build a new kingdom for herself?
question What does Daenerys say she'll stay in Meereen long enough to stabilize the situation?
question What does Daenerys say she intends to do?
question What does Daenerys inform Tyrion that she will take him on as an advisor?
question Who is Hizdahr zo Loraq, Missandei, and Daario Naharis?
question What does Daenerys watch to crowd?
question When does Hizdahr tell her to clap her hands?
question Who is the last fighter standing at the Daznak's Pit?
question What does Jorah hurl at the royal box?
question Who begin slaughtering collaborating Masters and freedmen?
question Who evacuated Daenerys from the royal box?
question Where do the Unsullied defenders stand?
question What does Daenerys do to Missandei?
question What do the Sons scatter in terror as Drogon bites and mercilessly burns the nearest ones to death?
question What do the Sons rally enough to attack Drogon?
question What is the name of the first dragonrider in over a century?
question Who look on in astonishment as Drogon soars away?
question Where is Daenerys far away from Meereen?
question Who is still recovering from his wounds?
question Dothraki bloodriders are surrounded by a khalasar?
question What kind of bloodrider emerges from Daenerys?
question How long is a khalasar surrounded by Daenerys?
question What does the khalasar remove?
question Who is the leader of the khalasar?
question What did Khal Moro's wives suggest killing Daenerys?
question What does Khal Moro say Daenerys is nothing more than?
question Who is the widow of Daenerys?
question Who is forbidden to sleep with a widowed khaleesi?
question Where is the Temple of the dosh khaleen located?
question Where does Daenerys return to?
question What do the other widowed khaleesi give her traditional Dothraki clothing?
question Who did Daenerys believe would conquer the world with her at his side?
question Where will the khals decide Daenerys fate?
question Who introduces Daenerys to other former khaleesi?
question How old is Ornela?
question Who gives Daenerys permission to relieve herself outside?
question Who accosted Daenerys and Ornela?
question What do Jorah and Daario tell Daenerys to do?
question Where does Daenerys tell the gathered khals that none of them are fit to lead the Dothraki?
question What does Daenerys declare to the khals that none of them are fit to lead the Dothraki?
question Who burst into laughter after a pause?
question Who declared that he would lead a Dothraki army to retake the Iron Throne for his khaleesi
question Who do Daenerys gaze at?
question Where does Daenerys knock over the braziers?
question Who attempts to escape the rapidly spreading fire?
question Who attempts to confront Daenerys a final time?
question How do the dosh khaleen and khalasars gather?
question What does Daenerys emerge?
question Who follows Daenerys and the rest of the dosh khaleen?
question Who move to the front of the crowd and bow last?
question What did Daenerys thank Jorah for?
question What is Jorah's condition?
question Where does Daenerys tell her to find a cure for Jorah?
question Who discusses her invasion of Westeros with Daario as they ride for Meereen?
question How many ships does Daario have?
question What does Daenerys believe she is a conqueror more than anything else?
question What happens to the conversation between Daenerys and Daenerys?
question What is the name of the khalasar that Daenerys declares as her bloodriders?
question What do Daenerys vow to lead them to?
question Where does Daenerys arrive?
question Who mistakenly discovered Daenerys on the balcony of the Great Pyramid?
question Who is currently besieging Daenerys and Tyrion?
question What do Daenerys plead for to return their cities to the dirt?
question Who are the slave masters of Daenerys?
question Who will be sold back into slavery?
question What does Daenerys do informing them they aren't meeting for her surrender?
question Who rides Drogon while destroying the enemy fleet?
question Who break free from the catacombs of the great pyramid?
question Who does Daenerys order to burn the slave masters' ships?
question Who kills Razdal and Belicho?
question Who did Daario lead the Daenerys's khalasar to slaughter?
question Who do Daenerys and Tyrion meet with?
question Who is the uncle of the ironborn Yara and Theon Greyjoy?
question Who accepts Yara's offer of an alliance?
question What kingdom does Yara want to recognize her claim to queenship?
question What does Daenerys stand for?
question What does Yara agree to?
question Who reports that the Dothraki fleet is nearly ready?
question What do the Dothraki do on?
question What does Daenerys believe he will seize to cut off the Lannister retreat?
question Who did Daenerys clarify that Daario is to stay in Meereen with?
question What is still Daario's most valuable bargaining chip when considering new alliances?
question What does Daenerys point out about kings having mistresses and queens?
question Who convinced Daario to leave him?
question What does Daenerys muses?
question What does Daenerys assure Daenerys that she'll leave specific instructions for him to follow in governing?
question Who does Daenerys and Tyrion discuss the game of thrones?
question What did Daenerys feel she was able to dismiss someone who loves her?
question Who was the first man to love Daenerys?
question What does Daenerys turn the topic to in her absence?
question What does Daenerys believe he gave up on believing in himself?
question What is the pin that Tyrion made for him?
question What does Tyrion do in front of Daenerys?
question Who sails for Westeros?
question Where does Daenerys sail with the Liberation of Slaver's Bay?
question What color is Daenerys clad in?
question Where does Daenerys arrive for the first time since she was born?
question Who removed one of Daenerys old banners?
question What is the name of the table that Daenerys asks her Hand when they can begin their conquest?
question What did members of Varys council comment on?
question What kind of stone does Varys believe doesn't feel like home, but Tyrion reassures her that they won't have to stay
question Who controls parts of Westeros?
question What did Varys want to do with Viserys?
question What did Varys betrayed her father for?
question Who does Varys believe is the one most worth following?
question What does Varys want to do instead of betray her?
question Who supported Daenerys in Meereen?
question Melisandre is immediately pardoned for what?
question What does Missandei say the prophecy is in the language Melisandre used?
question Who is the King in the North?
question Who is Jon Snow's son?
question Where did Tyrion travel with Jon?
question Who asks about Jon?
question Where did Cersei come from?
question Who did Daenerys stop arguing over the assassination of Myrcella Baratheon?
question Who did Yara want to attack immediately?
question Who does Daenerys request an audience alone with when everyone has left the chamber?
question Who does Olenna have a love for?
question What does Olenna encourage Daenerys to be?
question Who sits in the keep's throne room waiting for Jon and Davos Seaworth?
question Where does Jon and Davos Seaworth arrive?
question Who speaks Daenerys's name after their entrance to Dragonstone?
question Who was Jon's ancestor?
question Who did the fealty House Stark owe?
question Who does Daenerys meet?
question What is the reason Daenerys believes she has been destined to rule since her birth?
question What does Jon insist her kingdom will be?
question What role did Davos start stating Jon's achievements during his time as?
question Who did Daenerys and Davos notice something off in Davos' speech about Jon taking a knife to the heart?
question What was Jon's journey to his present standings as fraught with?
question Who does Jon refuse to bow to?
question Why does Jon refuse to bow to Dany?
question What does Jon say about Daenerys?
question Who concedes that this is fair but counters by saying that if he insists on that view, she will count him as a rebel
question Who tells Varys that he is not yet in her captivity?
question Who are the remaining Greyjoy forces dead or captured?
question Who was the instigator of Euron's attack?
question What did Tyrion talk about to Jon?
question What does Tyrion insist must be shown from Jon's side?
question Who says Jon took a knife to the heart?
question What does Daenerys allow Jon to mine?
question What do Daenerys and Jon have?
question Who explains that people once thought dragons were gone for good?
question Who does Daenerys remind Jon she won't let stay in power?
question What does Jon say he hasn't changed his mind about?
question Who offers to help Jon mine the dragonglass he needs?
question What does Jon ask her if she believes Daenerys now about?
question Who informs her of the plan for the Unsullied to take Casterly Rock through a secret passageway?
question Who burned the Unsullied ships?
question Who loses another ally during the sack of Highgarden?
question Where is Missandei at her side?
question Who interrupts Missandei's relationship with Grey Worm?
question Where does Jon lead Daenerys through?
question Who made Daenerys wall drawings?
question Who did the Children of the Forest depict?
question What is Daenerys feeling when he bends the knee?
question What is more important than the lives of the Northmen?
question What does Daenerys think of attacking?
question What did Daenerys impulsively suggest to Tyrion?
question Who does Daenerys turn her attention to?
question What did Daenerys tell her about the dragons to destroy the castles and cities of Westeros?
question What would make Daenerys no different than the ones she is trying to overthrow?
question Who burns the Lannister-Tarly army?
question What did Drogon blast the Lannister-Tarly infantry with?
question What combination of dragonfire and cavalry charges overwhelms the Lannister-Tarly forces?
question What do the arrows look harmlessly off Drogon's scales?
question What type of attacks do Daenerys and Drogon launch from above to destroy the Lannisters' supply convoy?
question What whizzes right past Drogon as he flies and Daenerys heads for the scorpion to destroy it?
question Who strikes Drogon's wing before she can reach it?
question What does Daenerys attempt to remove from Drogon?
question What does Drogon incinerate the scorpion?
question Where does Drogon land?
question Where does Daenerys dismount?
question What does Drogon's mother see while trying to do so?
question Who saved Drogon by tackling him off of his horse into the river?
question What does Cersei offer the survivors a choice to do?
question Who roars menacingly from his perch behind Daenerys?
question Who are the survivors of Drogon's battle?
question What does Randyll claim he has chosen for his life?
question Who suggested that Drogon send him to the Wall?
question Who follows Drogon's father?
question What do Daenerys sentence them to death?
question What do Jon and Daenerys discuss?
question Who approaches Jon?
question Who allows Jon to touch him?
question What does Drogon claim that the beasts Jon sees are?
question Who did Daenerys inform Jon of her victory over?
question What does Daenerys ask him to do for his people?
question Who has been cured of his greyscale?
question Who does Daenerys embrace Jorah?
question Where is the Chamber of the Painted Table located?
question Who are Daenerys half-siblings?
question Where did the Night King march towards?
question Who questions Jon's ability to fight the army of the dead?
question What does Cersei win if she abandons her cause to take?
question Who did Tyrion hope to convince Cersei to join the fight against?
question Where does Jon decide to take a wight north of the Wall?
question Who is convinced by Tyrion's confidence in the mission?
question Who does Daenerys bid farewell to?
question What does Jorah quip that he is used to saying farewell?
question Who did Jon and Jorah bid farewell?
question What does Jon wish Jorah to do in the wars to come?
question Who watches as Jon, Jorah, and the rest of the party depart on their boats for Eastwatch?
question Who do Daenerys discuss with Tyrion?
question What do Daenerys say they're heroes who do?
question What does Tyrion say are heroes who all fall in love with?
question Who does Daenerys dismiss?
question What do Daenerys discuss with Tyrion?
question What did Tyrion tell Daenerys about fear?
question Who did Daenerys say got a long way with fear?
question Who will try to provoke Daenerys?
question What did Tyrion lightly admonishes Daenerys for?
question Who does Tyrion believe acted too hastily instead of exploring other options?
question What does Tyrion want Daenerys to do?
question What does Tyrion believe Daenerys did?
question When does Daenerys want to set the discussion aside?
question Where does Daenerys leave?
question Where did Daenerys leave her army?
question What did the Night King do to save Jon and his party?
question Who does the Night King impales with an ice spear through the throat?
question Who does the Night King shout at to leave?
question Where does the Night King throw another spear at?
question Who does Daenerys stand on the Wall with?
question Who sacrificed Jon's life to save him?
question What did the Night King do to save Jon and his party?
question Who does the Night King impales with an ice spear through the throat?
question Who does the Night King shout at to leave?
question Where does the Night King throw another spear at?
question Who does Daenerys stand on the Wall with?
question Who sacrificed Jon's life to save him?
question Where does Daenerys arrive on Drogon's back?
question Who represent the North and Daenerys' court?
question Who is flying overhead when Cersei demands to know where her rival is?
question What do Daenerys and Jon try to warn Cersei of?
question Who returns with the crate containing the wight?
question Who gets the crate open, but there is still no movement?
question What is the nearest target of the wight?
question What is the length of the wight from Cersei's face?
question What kind of shock does the assembled look on as the wight's upper half still moves around?
question Who gave Jon a torch to show how fire can be used to stop the wights?
question What does Jon use to end the wight's upper half?
question Who asks how many wights are coming?
question What does Euron ask about the wights?
question Who announces to Cersei his intention to withdraw the Iron Fleet back to the Iron Isles?
question What did Euron declare to Cersei that he had been over the whole world?
question What does Euron tell Daenerys to return to his island?
question Who is Daenerys concerned with?
question Who is King in the North and Ned Stark's son?
question How many queens does Jon say he cannot serve?
question Who did the Starks and Targaryens battle?
question Who tells Jon of Viserion's sacrifice?
question What does Tyrion suggest about learning to lie just a little?
question What do Daenerys and Tyrion argue about getting Cersei killed?
question Tyrion reluctantly decides that he will go and try to talk some reason into what?
question What does Tyrion insist about Cersei?
question What did the power of the dragons waned?
question Who is not like everyone else?
question Who made Daenerys infertile?
question What interrupts the conversation between Daenerys and Cersei?
question Who will march north to fight with Cersei?
question What do Daenerys and her court discuss in the Chamber of the Painted Table?
question Where do Jon and the Unsullied meet in the Chamber of the Painted Table?
question Who points out that the North is not really safer for Daenerys than anywhere else?
question What does Mormont suggest that Daenerys fly to Winterfell?
question Who rides with Jon to see her as a liberator and ally?
question Who does Daenerys decide to sail north with?
question Who suspects a different reason for Daenerys' decision?
question Who and Jon give in to their feelings?
question What do Daenerys and Jon meet their gaze?
question What happens to Daenerys and Jon after he enters the cabin?
question What do Daenerys and Jon give into?
question Who was on his way to speak with his queen?
question Who was Tyrion on his way to speak with?
question Who march through Winter town on their way to Winterfell?
question What does Jon remind Daenerys of?
question Who fly overhead after Daenerys's arrival in Winterfell?
question Where does Jon introduce Daenerys to?
question Who sits at Winterfell's high table?
question Who attempts to calm the hostile Northern lords?
question What does Daenerys ask about dragons?
question Who remarks to Jon about Sansa's dislike for her?
question What does Daenerys say about Sansa?
question Who said that the dragons haven't been eating as much as they normally do?
question Where do Daenerys and Daenerys come upon the dragons?
question Who does Daenerys mount?
question Who is pleased with Jon's instant connection with her dragon?
question Where do Daenerys and Daenerys land?
question What do Daenerys and Jon share?
question Who did Daenerys and Jorah meet in Winterfell's library?
question What was Samwell Tarly's secret?
question What does Sam jokingly ask for a pardon for?
question Who is Daenerys's son?
question What does Sam do for a few moments before asking to leave the library?
question Who puts Jaime on trial?
question What do the two women berate the Kingslayer for?
question Who vouches for Jaime?
question Who discuss Jon?
question Who does Sansa fear has ulterior motives and that because Jon loves her, he will do stupid things for love?
question What are the two women in the North helping fight?
question What does Sansa believe the Northerners will never accept an outsider as their ruler again?
question Who announced the arrival of Theon and his men?
question Where will the army of the dead arrive within a day?
question What does Daenerys discuss with the commanders and heads of houses?
question Who was in front of Daenerys statue?
question What did Jon say Rhaegar did not rape Lyanna?
question What does Jon tell Daenerys about?
question What does Daenerys ask about the story of Rhaegar?
question Who assures Daenerys that Jon has a better claim to the throne than she does?
question How many times does a horn sound to signal the arrival of the army of the dead?
question What does Daenerys attack the army of the dead with?
question Who summons a blizzard?
question Where are Daenerys and Drogon attacked?
question Who knocks the Night King off Viserion?
question What does the Night King throw at Drogon?
question Where does Jon rush into to help Bran?
question Where do wights climb after Jon runs to stop the Night King?
question Who falls after Daenerys sobbing while Drogon wraps around them?
question What do Daenerys do after the battle?
question What does Daenerys kiss?
question Where does Daenerys celebrate?
question Who makes a toast to Daenerys?
question Who is the Hero of Winterfell?
question Who does Daenerys exchange with?
question What do Daenerys do after the battle?
question What does Daenerys kiss?
question Where does Daenerys celebrate?
question Who makes a toast to Daenerys?
question Who is the Hero of Winterfell?
question Who does Daenerys exchange with?
question What did Daenerys say he didn't want to be King in the North?
question What do Daenerys say he'll do if he doesn't want to be King in the North?
question What does Daenerys fear about his parentage?
question What does Jon insist he must tell his sisters?
question What does Daenerys believe the only way they can live together?
question Who was killed by Daenerys?
question What happens to Rhaegal when she rides Drogon next to Rhaegal?
question Who does Euron's Iron Fleet try to take down?
question What does Euron do to Daenerys's fleet?
question What does Daenerys attempt to storm on Dragonstone?
question Who executes Missandei?
question What does a mournful Daenerys discover in her ranks?
question Who discovered that Varys plotted to betray her and crown Jon in her place?
question Who did Varys have to burn him?
question What does a mournful Daenerys discover in her ranks?
question Who discovered that Varys plotted to betray her and crown Jon in her place?
question Who did Varys have to burn him?
question What is the name of Daenerys' order to sack King's Landing?
question What does Tyrion say the citizens of Westeros are not Daenerys's enemy?
question Who counters that the slaves in Meereen turned against their masters and liberated themselves?
question How many children will die?
question What does Daenerys counter that Cersei is using as a weakness against them?
question What does Tyrion call off when the people ring the city's bells?
question Who agrees with Tyrion?
question Who was caught by her men trying to get past their lines?
question What does Tyrion warn that the next time he fails her?
question What does Daenerys attack atop Drogon?
question What do Daenerys attack?
question What did Daenerys succumb to?
question Who can destroy the remaining sellsword contingent and charge into the city?
question What did the Lannister soldiers and civilians surrender?
question Who burns King's Landing?
question Who was Daenerys father?
question What did the armies take their lead from Daenerys?
question What is Daenerys hailed in?
question Who is executed after the battle?
question Who cheers Daenerys on?
question What did the armies give Daenerys?
question Who does Daenerys perceive as?
question What does Tyrion confront Daenerys about?
question What happens to Daenerys when he confronts him about freeing his brother?
question Who is arrested in return for killing Daenerys?
question Who tries to convince a conflicted Jon on what Daenerys has become?
question Who understands Daenerys?
question Who is now the greatest threat to the people?
question What does Daenerys observe?
question Who was the conquest of Daenerys ancestor?
question Who does Jon refuse to forgive?
question What do Daenerys do to the people of King's Landing?
question What does Daenerys believe can't be built by those loyal to the old one?
question Jon argues that their world must be what?
question What does Daenerys confidently assert about Jon?
question Who is Jon unconvinced and asks about everyone else who thinks they know what is good?
question What does Daenerys urge Jon to help her build the new world she envisages?
question Who dies in Jon's arms?
question What does Jon thrust into Dany's heart?
question How does Jon escape Daenerys' nose and mouth?
question What does Jon hold Daenerys?
question Who mourns his mother?
question Drogon snarls at Jon before trying to nudge his mother awake?
question Drogon roars in rage and grief at Jon before unleashing a jet of fire that melts what?
question What happened to Daenerys's body?
question Who is the Great Council of AC?
question Who fulfills Daenerys' wish of breaking the wheel?
question What kind of person was Daenerys?
question What was Daenerys cowed by as a child and young woman?
question What taught Daenerys pride, confidence, and the skills of command?
question What began to manifest at the same time as Daenerys?
question Who did Daenerys bouncing back and forth with with her brother?
question What caused Daenerys to develop a largely black-and-white worldview?
question What kind of worldview did Daenerys develop?
question Who crucified children as she approached the city in an attempt to intimidate Daenerys?
question What did many of the slave-masters oppose?
question Who asked Daenerys how she intended to take the Iron Throne?
question What did Daenerys earn the favor of the commoners in Slaver's Bay?
question Who made Daenerys a conqueror rather than a liberator?
question Who was the one who came to deny Daenerys the independence they had gained after so many sacrifices?
question Why was Daenerys surprised by the lack of accommodation to her rule?
question Who told her that the smallfolk don't care who their ruler is as long their lives are free from starvation, illness,
question Who warned her that coming to Westeros wouldn't have made her a liberator?
question What did Ser Jorah's reaction show that she refused to accept the reality of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who did Ned Stark accuse of conspiring with to kill Daenerys?
question Who did Daenerys consider as a traitor?
question What did Daenerys consider Jaime Lannister as a traitor?
question Why did Daenerys show herself to be vengeful?
question Who tricked Daenerys into using blood magic to save Drogo?
question Who played a role in the theft of Drogo's dragons?
question Where did Randyll and Dickon Tarly stand for?
question What did Daenerys offer to the Tarlys?
question What did Tyrion believe was the result of her execution of the Tarlys?
question Who advised Daenerys to learn to take decisions by herself?
question What has Daenerys displayed?
question Who incinerated the young daughter of a shepherd in Meereen?
question Who does Daenerys desperately ask for her input?
question What kind of attack did Daenerys rescue from?
question What does Daenerys show in a small voice?
question What type of commander did Daenerys have?
question What two battles did Daenerys win?
question What did Daenerys' victories have more to do with?
question Who did Daenerys surround herself with?
question What did Daenerys know how to win battles in such a way to leave herself in the strongest position possible?
question Who did Daenerys use at the Sack of Astapor and the Battle of the Goldroad?
question What type of commander did Daenerys have?
question What two battles did Daenerys win?
question What did Daenerys' victories have more to do with?
question Who did Daenerys surround herself with?
question What did Daenerys know how to win battles in such a way to leave herself in the strongest position possible?
question Who did Daenerys use at the Sack of Astapor and the Battle of the Goldroad?
question What did Daenerys show herself to be in her life before her descent into madness?
question What caused Daenerys to be too fragile to bear the burden of her moral defeat?
question What plagued many of Daenerys ancestors?
question What did Daenerys do towards?
question What was often a late-onset condition in the Targaryens?
question What did the men of House Tarly refuse to offer to Daenerys?
question What plagued many of Daenerys ancestors?
question What did Daenerys do towards?
question What was often a late-onset condition in the Targaryens?
question What did the men of House Tarly refuse to offer to Daenerys?
question During what battle did Daenerys end up burning the inhabitants alive?
question Who caused Daenerys's recent losses?
question What does the Targaryen Madness equate to?
question Who was the only person who could truly be called insane in the contemporary sense?
question What did Daenerys feel after her destructive rampage?
question What does Madness take many forms?
question What does Madness seem to have emerged in Daenerys?
question What ancestor was justified in dealing with the rebellious Faith Militant?
question Who believed that she would one day become Queen of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who was the true heir to the Iron Throne?
question How did Daenerys decide to take the Iron Throne?
question What was the name of the tolling bell that caused Daenerys to snap?
question How did thousands of innocent people die?
question Who was the prime claimant to the Iron Throne?
question Who made the fateful decision to end Daenerys' reign before it begins?
question Who did Daenerys succumbed to?
question Who is the second member of the Targaryen dynasty to bear her name?
question Who was the first Daenerys sister?
question What was the name given to Daenerys in the marriage-alliance?
question Who is not called Daenerys II?
question What is the name of Daenerys Stormborn?
question What was Daenerys's full title?
question What is the Breaker of Chains?
question What was Missandei's previous title?
question What do Daenerys' exploits become more famous and grow?
question Who is increasingly referred to as the Dragon Queen?
question Who was a stunt double for Emilia Clarke in the role of Daenerys Targaryen?
question Kinga Gavalda was a stunt double for Emilia Clarke in what role?
question Who played the role of Daenerys in the unaired pilot episode?
question Who auditioned for the role of Daenerys?
question Who explained the costuming shifts that Daenerys goes through in Seasons to?
question What does Michele Clapton say Daenerys is willing to immerse herself in?
question What is Daenerys outfit made of?
question What does the Dothraki use to wear animal skins?
question What type of costume did Daenerys use in Seasons?
question Who provides Daenerys with a Qartheen gown?
question Who was awed by Daenerys' generosity and Qarth's elegance?
question Where did Daenerys wear a complete Qarth-style gown?
question Where does Daenerys ship arrive?
question What color was blue the color of royalty in?
question What special occasion did Daenerys wear a blue dress instead of the traditional Targaryen colors of red and black?
question What color was traditionally the color of imperial or royal authority for centuries in Europe?
question What color did Daenerys no longer wear to her outfit?
question When does Daenerys begin to wear more white?
question What is one of the scenes that Daenerys has to be in?
question What was Daenerys supposed to be in the middle of the fighting pit?
question What was Daenerys mental removal from?
question How did Daenerys feel about herself?
question What did some of Daenerys dresses feature to give the impression of scales?
question What color does Daenerys always wear underneath?
question What type of clothing does Daenerys wear again for much of Season?
question What is the name of the color that Daenerys wears red and black instead of white?
question What is the ultimate expression of Daenerys acceptance of her identity as a Targaryen conqueror and the rightful queen of Weste
question What does Daenerys start off by wearing in Season?
question What is Daenerys style used to do in Season?
question Who is Clapton's brother?
question What is the name of the dragon that Daenerys represents?
question Where did Daenerys arrive?
question What does Daenerys wear across her torso?
question What does Daenerys have at one point?
question What does Daenerys wear to symbolize her selfless act of rescue?
question Where does Daenerys arrive at the beginning of Season?
question What does Daenerys have at one point?
question How many shoulder fur is Daenerys only partially matching Jon's silhouette?
question What does the juxtaposition between Jon's dark costume and Daenerys'?
question How does Daenerys' costumes vary throughout the season?
question What do Daenerys wear when she feels alienated or threatened?
question What did Daenerys wear during the Battle of King's Landing?
question What is the name of the dress Daenerys wears when she attacks the city?
question What does Daenerys appear to be fireproof in the books?
question Who burned Drogo's funeral pyre?
question What is Daenerys more immune to fire than any other human?
question Who claimed that Targaryens were immune to both fire and illness?
question What did Viserys know about?
question What does Targaryens seem to have?
question What does Daenerys think to herself about the heat of Drogo's funeral pyre?
question What kind of heat has shaped the Dornish to be more comfortable in?
question What does Daenerys have on her hands when she rides Drogon out of the Great Pit of Meereen?
question Who did the Inside the Episode feature for Book of the Stranger suggest that Daenerys might have some actual fireproofing ability?
question In what episode does Daenerys notice the heat from the brazier in A Golden Crown?
question Where did Daenerys show her fireproofing ability?
question Where does Daenerys emerge unburnt?
question What feature did Weiss and Benioff appear in?
question What is no indication that Daenerys is fireproof in the series?
question What did Daenerys realize didn't affect her like most people?
question How long was Daenerys born on the Targaryen island refuge of Dragonstone?
question Where was Daenerys born eight months after her father's death?
question What was the name of the Targaryen fleet anchored at Dragonstone?
question What was the name of the Targaryen fleet anchored at Dragonstone?
question Who was a loyal retainer of Daenerys' family?
question Who truncated the Targaryen family line?
question Who was the son of Aemon Targaryen?
question What books go into a little more detail about Daenerys's early life in the Free Cities?
question Where did Daenerys live with Ser Willem and Viserys?
question What was Ser Willem's age and yelled at the servants?
question Who died after the Targaryen children were driven from the house?
question What did Daenerys dream about?
question Where was the closest home Daenerys ever had?
question Who bounced around between patrons in Braavos?
question What did some of the Targaryen children try to help them retake?
question What did Daenerys often turn out on the street with little warning when their patrons lost interest in them?
question What did Viserys begging for support throughout the Free Cities?
question Where did Viserys travel from Braavos to?
question How long did the Targaryen children stay in Pentos with Illyrio?
question Who does not appear to have a particular religious affiliation in the books?
question Where did Daenerys grew up?
question What is the title of Daenerys' third novel?
question When did Aegon the Conqueror invade Westeros?
question Who was Daenerys's brother?
question What religion is Daenerys aware of?
question Where is Daenerys open-minded to the religions of new peoples she meets?
question Who did Daenerys marry out of love for her husband's god?
question Who isn't sure what her personal beliefs are?
question Who says that she has faith only in herself and not in any god?
question Which TV series suggests that Daenerys has faith only in herself and not in any god?
question How old is Daenerys when the novels begin?
question What kingdom is Daenerys curious about?
question What kind of spirit does Daenerys have?
question What does Daenerys' spirit begin to do after her brother's death?
question What is the name of Aegon Targaryen's story?
question Where did A Dance with Dragons meet?
question What does Jon say Aegon does not see anything wrong about marrying his aunt?
question What does Tyrion pour on the overconfident youth's hopes?
question Who is a beggar if Tyrion appears before her?
question Who did Aegon follow?
question What is Aegon's claim to be stronger than her?
question Who fits the prophecies about the prince that was promised and Azor Ahai?
question Who did Daenerys fit the prophecies about?
question Who is the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Aenys I  Maegor I  Jaehaerys I  Viserys I  Aegon II
question What is Daeron II?
question What is Daeron II?
question What is Daenerys I?
question Who is Robert I?
question Who is Tommen I?
question Who is AC?
question What is Cersei I?
question What is AC-present?
question What is the name of the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch?
question Who resurrected King in the North in a mutiny?
question Who did Jon seek to annihilate?
question What role does Jon join the Night's Watch?
question Who resurrected Jon?
question Who did Jon and Sansa Stark retake from House Bolton?
question Where did Jon and Sansa Stark retake Winterfell?
question What is Jon declared in the North?
question Who negotiates with Daenerys Targaryen for an alliance against the White Walkers?
question Jon negotiates with Daenerys Targaryen for an alliance against whom?
question What name did Jon abdicate his throne?
question Who is Jon's aunt?
question What dragonrider was Samwell Tarly?
question What did Jon aid Daenerys in her resumed campaign?
question What does Jon try to dissuade Daenerys from?
question Where is Jon sent into exile?
question What group does Jon lead to settle in the thawing free lands?
question Who is Rhaegar Targaryen's bastard son?
question Who guarded the Tower of Joy?
question Who was Eddard Stark's betrothed?
question Who was killed at the Battle of the Trident?
question Where did Ned find Rhaegar?
question Who did Ned and his companions save?
question Who had just given birth to Rhaegar's son?
question Who pleaded with Ned to promise that he would keep her son safe?
question Who died during the Sack of King's Landing?
question Who was Ned's wife?
question Who was Jon Arryn?
question Who was Ned's great friend and mentor?
question What was the surname of Jon Arryn?
question Who did Rhaegar have his marriage annulled and married Lyanna?
question Where was Jon's illegitimate son?
question Who did Eddard never tell anyone who was his mother?
question What did Ned claim that Jon's mother was a lowborn woman that he met during the war?
question What did Eddard never treat Jon differently from his trueborn children?
question Where was Jon's presence at?
question What was Catelyn's attitude towards Jon?
question Who was Catelyn's daughter-in-law?
question What type of status did Jon grow up feeling like an outsider at Winterfell?
question Who would see that Jon was well-treated at Winterfell?
question Who raised Jon as his own?
question Who loved Jon?
question Who did Jon receive a highborn education from?
question What do Jon and Robb play with in their childhood?
question Who was Theon Greyjoy?
question Who was Jon's closest relationship with?
question Who was Arya's mother's daughter?
question Who is Bran's watchful eye?
question Who is Rodrik's nephew?
question Which deserter is being held in the holdfast?
question What does Jon warn Bran to do as the deserter is brought into position outside?
question What did Jon praise Bran for?
question What species is found on their way back to Winterfell?
question How many direwolves are there?
question Why does Jon leave himself out of the count of Stark children?
question What is the runt of the litter that crawled away from its mother's corpse?
question What is the name of the runt of the litter?
question What does Jon name the runt of a litter of direwolves?
question Who are the royals groomed for?
question What does Jon express against the royal family?
question Who arrives at the banquet?
question Where does Jon wait to vent his frustrations against a practice dummy?
question Who is Jon's uncle?
question Where does the Watch escape from Jon's life?
question Who does the Watch meet?
question What advice does Tyrion give to the young man?
question What is the name bastard?
question What does Tyrion say to be bastards in their father's eyes?
question Who killed the Mad King?
question What did Jaime sarcastically thank Jon for?
question Who did Jon say goodbye to before he departs for the Wall?
question What sword did Jon give Arya?
question What does Jon say he will do before he departs for the Wall?
question What does Robb ask as he prepares his saddle?
question What does Jon say are hard to kill?
question What did Robb offer to visit him at the Wall?
question Who vows to tell Jon the truth about his mother the next time they meet?
question Who is Jon accompanied by?
question Who accompanies Jon to the Wall?
question Where does Jon train?
question What is the Night's Watch?
question Who is the Master-at-Arms in charge of training new recruits?
question Who taught Jon the Night's Watch?
question Where does Benjen tell Jon he is going?
question Benjen insists that he does what?
question Who helps Jon see that he is no better than the recruits?
question Who accepts Jon's new brothers?
question Who does Benjen befriend when he arrives at Castle Black?
question Who tells Jon that going easy on Sam won't help him?
question Where is Jon inducted?
question Who is Jon inducted into the Night's Watch?
question Who asked for Jon as his personal steward?
question What is Jon concerned about when Benjen's horse returns to the Wall riderless?
question How many rangers are assigned to Benjen?
question Who taunts Jon about being a traitor's bastard?
question Where is Jon restricted to?
question Who rewards Jon?
question Who's corpse becomes a wight and attacks Mormont?
question How does Jon save Mormont's life?
question What is Jon's Valyrian steel sword?
question What was the name of Jon's uncle?
question What does Jon do to Robb and seek revenge for his father's death?
question Who intercept Jon and convince him to stay?
question What is the name of the game of thrones in which Mormont tells Jon that the Watch is marching beyond the Wall in force?
question What does Mormont tell Jon that the Watch is marching beyond the Wall in force?
question What does Jon swear to Jon?
question Who does Mormont prepare for a command role as the Great Ranging travels North seeking Benjen and an explanation for the wight attack
question What is the name of the unsavory ally of the Great Ranging?
question Who tells Jon of Craster's sexual inclinations upon their arrival at the Keep?
question Who does Jon take an instant dislike to when they meet with him?
question Who is the leader of the wildlings?
question What is the difference between life and death for many black brothers in the wild?
question Who is Craster's pregnant daughter-wife?
question What is Gilly's fear of having a son?
question Who refuses to disobey Jon's order to leave Craster's wives alone?
question What does Jon see Craster carrying into the woods?
question What does Jon see Craster leave the child for?
question What does Craster do to Craster?
question What does Craster do to Jon?
question Who does Jon expels from his home?
question Where do the rangers await Qhorin Halfhand and his party?
question When Qhorin arrives, he suggests altering their tactics and using small groups to overcome what?
question Who lets Jon go?
question Who do Jon and Ygritte ambush?
question What kind of woman does Jon realize his opponent is?
question Who does Jon and Ygritte not give away details of?
question Who leaves Jon alone to execute Ygritte?
question What is Jon's ability to do?
question What happens to Jon and Ygritte?
question Why does Jon decide to not regroup with Qhorin?
question Who convinces Jon to sleep next to her to share body heat?
question What does Jon reject?
question What does Jon and Ygritte discuss the restrictions of the Night's Watch vows?
question What does Ygritte know about the Night's Watch vows?
question Who questions Jon as to why the men of the Night's Watch hate the wildlings?
question Who are descendants of the First Men?
question What does Ygritte urge Jon to do?
question What does Ygritte need to reach for when he is caught off guard?
question What does Ygritte do when he is caught off guard?
question Who holds Qhorin and Jon captive?
question Who tells Jon that he should have taken Jon when he had the chance?
question Who wants to question Jon?
question Who is the Lord of Bones prisoner?
question Who tells Jon that the rest of the men were killed while they searched for him?
question What does the Halfhand urge Jon to do?
question What did Ygritte do after he feigns anger with Jon?
question In what story does Theon refuse to flee and join the Night's Watch?
question Who is Theon surrounded by in Winterfell?
question Who is the flat of Jon slays Qhorin?
question Who did Qhorin use the distraction to advance his plan to portray Jon as a traitor?
question Who allows Jon to fight?
question Who calls his father a traitor and his mother a whore?
question Who whispers a line from the Night's Watch oath to Jon?
question Who leads Jon to the crest of the mountain to look over the massive wildling encampment?
question Where is the main wildling camp?
question What is Jon shocked to see as they enter the camp?
question What do many wildlings shout at Jon's approach?
question What does Jon shout crow?
question Who shoos Jon away?
question Who is Mance Rayder?
question Who did Jon kill?
question What does Jon assume to be?
question What happens when Jon kneels before the man he assumes to be Mance Rayder?
question Who is Mance's lieutenant?
question What does the Free Folk not recognize in their culture?
question Who did Jon kill?
question Who asks Jon why he wants to join Qhorin?
question Where did the Night's Watch camped?
question Where did the Night's Watch camped?
question Who knew Craster but did nothing to stop the Night's Watch?
question Who defeated the White Walkers once during the Long Night?
question What does the black cloak attract?
question Who marches south with Jon?
question How many different groups are there in the Free Folk army?
question How many different languages do wildlings speak?
question What did Mance tell the Free Folks that they would die if they remain north of the Wall?
question Who is Jon's scout?
question What is Jon's eyes rolled back as?
question What does Mance say he is?
question What is a person who is capable of entering the mind of an animal?
question What does Orell control to scout miles ahead?
question What was the name of the warg?
question Where do Jon and the Free Folk arrive?
question How many men of the Night's Watch were there?
question Where are the White Walkers trapped?
question What are the missing corpses from the Night's Watch resurrected as?
question Who agrees with Jon?
question How many men will Tormund take to scale the Wall to attack Castle Black?
question Who will attack Castle Black from its exposed rear?
question Who is in position when his army makes a massive signal fire?
question Who does Mance order Tormund to take with him?
question What is the defense of the warg Orell?
question What does the eagle see on top of the Wall?
question How many patrols do Jon and Ygritte usually send out?
question How many castles do the wildlings know along the south side of the Wall?
question How many men are currently manned by Jon?
question What is at the extreme eastern end of Castle Black?
question What tower is at the western end of Castle Black?
question How many men are currently garrison Castle Black?
question How many men are there in Castle Black?
question Who threatened Jon?
question Who tells Jon that he likes him?
question What does Jon remain to the lie?
question How many men are currently manned by Jon?
question What is at the extreme eastern end of Castle Black?
question What tower is at the western end of Castle Black?
question How many men are currently garrison Castle Black?
question How many men are there in Castle Black?
question Who threatened Jon?
question Who tells Jon that he likes him?
question What does Jon remain to the lie?
question How many men are currently manned by Jon?
question What is at the extreme eastern end of Castle Black?
question What tower is at the western end of Castle Black?
question How many men are currently garrison Castle Black?
question How many men are there in Castle Black?
question Who threatened Jon?
question Who tells Jon that he likes him?
question What does Jon remain to the lie?
question Who led Jon, Ygritte and the wildlings?
question Where do the Wildlings continue on?
question What did Jon confront Orell about on the Wall?
question What does Orell say about Ygritte?
question Who led Jon, Ygritte and the wildlings?
question Where do the Wildlings continue on?
question What did Jon confront Orell about on the Wall?
question What does Orell say about Ygritte?
question Who intends to kill the old man so as to stop him from alerting the Night's Watch to their presence?
question What rock does Jon surreptitiously hit when the party attacks the farmstead?
question Who kills the old man?
question Who kills the man with an arrow?
question Who is Jon fighting?
question Where does a hidden Bran enter Summer's mind to aid Jon?
question Who kills Jon in Queenscrown?
question What eagle swoops down and attacks Jon?
question What is Jon's heartbroken eagle?
question Who has an arrow ready to shoot Jon?
question What does Ygritte insist about?
question How many times does Jon shoot with her bow?
question Where does Jon hover in and out of consciousness?
question Who are overjoyed to see Jon?
question Who inflicted injuries to Jon?
question At what event was Robb's half-brother killed?
question What did Sam say Jon was better than Robb?
question What did Jon say he could never bring himself to hate Robb?
question What does Sam say Jon is better than him at everything?
question How many sworn brothers have Jon been summoned to testify before?
question What did Jon admit to at the hearing?
question Who intends to attack and gives intel on his plans and strength?
question Who are openly hostile to Jon?
question Who realizes that Jon is speaking the truth?
question Where does Theon reluctantly guess that the Boltons may try to head to Jon?
question Who is Jon a bastard?
question What did Roose Bolton promise as a reward to the Boltons?
question Where does Olly arrive?
question Who is the orphan of the Night's Watch?
question Who asks for Jon's opinion on protecting the smallfolk living in the Gift?
question Where is Jon informed about the situation?
question Who have escaped the mutineers at Craster's Keep?
question What do the wildlings reveal about the mutineers at Craster's Keep?
question Who captured the mutineers at Craster's Keep?
question What should be the top priority of the wildlings at Craster's Keep?
question Who is one of the new recruits that Jon and Grenn train to fight wildlings?
question Who interrupts the training session?
question Who approaches Jon and tells him that he is a steward?
question Who are talking about Bran going beyond the Wall?
question What is the name of the new recruit that Jon and Grenn are training to fight wildlings?
question Who convinced Thorne that Jon questioning his decisions is a problem?
question Who secretly intends to kill Jon during the mission?
question Who was killed at the hands of the mutineers?
question Who secretly intends to kill Jon during the mission?
question Who was killed at the hands of the mutineers?
question How many people were killed by the Night's Watch?
question Who did Jon reunite with?
question Where did Jon give Craster's wives refuge?
question What do the Night's Watch members say they can't trust them?
question Where did Jon set a torch to before leaving?
question Where does Jon return to?
question What is the name of the name of the black brothers who return to Castle Black?
question What was Mance Rayder's army closing in on?
question What does Jon say about the gates of Mance Rayder's army?
question Who refuses to listen to Jon?
question Who does Alliser assign to night duties until the next full moon?
question Where does the news of the wildling attack on Mole's Town reach?
question Who try to comfort Sam who believes Gilly and her baby are dead?
question Who is furious that the wildlings slaughtered the inhabitants of Mole's Town?
question Who is imminent if Mole's Town has been attacked?
question Where does the news of the wildling attack on Mole's Town reach?
question Who try to comfort Sam who believes Gilly and her baby are dead?
question Who is furious that the wildlings slaughtered the inhabitants of Mole's Town?
question Who is imminent if Mole's Town has been attacked?
question What kind of horn blows north of the Wall?
question Who did Jon approach?
question Where is Tormund's band of wildlings at?
question Who is responsible for the Wall's defenses?
question What does Slynt do?
question Who did Grenn falsely claim that Alliser needs back down in Castle Black?
question What do the black brothers continue to rain down on the advancing wildlings?
question Who is responsible for the Wall's defenses?
question What does Slynt do?
question Who did Grenn falsely claim that Alliser needs back down in Castle Black?
question What do the black brothers continue to rain down on the advancing wildlings?
question When does Jon fight Styr?
question How does Styr get the upper hand?
question What does Styr smash his face into?
question What does Jon do to Styr?
question What did Jon find Ygritte pointing her bow at him?
question What did Olly do to Ygritte?
question Who shot Ygritte through the heart?
question What did Olly say to Ygritte?
question Who is the only wildling left alive in the castle?
question What does Jon subdue Tormund with?
question Who does Jon plan to assassinate?
question Who does Jon try to stop?
question Where does Jon prepare to leave?
question Who is among the casualties?
question Where does Jon decide to leave with Sam?
question Who did Jon give to before he leaves Longclaw?
question Who tells Jon to come back to Longclaw?
question Who does Jon find in a wildling camp north of the Wall?
question Who does Jon meet?
question What does Mance notice that Jon is eyeing?
question What sound is interrupted before anyone can make a move?
question How many mounted knights arrive outside to slaughter many of the wildlings?
question Who did Jon suggest Stannis arrest instead of executing him?
question What does Jon advise Stannis to do to prevent them from returning as wights?
question Who does Jon notice staring at Ygritte through the flames?
question Who tells Jon that Ygritte truly loved him?
question What happens to Ygritte as he walks away?
question Who summoned Jon to see Stannis atop the Wall?
question What happens to the Red Woman?
question What does Melisandre ask if Jon is?
question What does Melisandre say Jon is a virgin?
question What does Jon meet with Stannis and Davos?
question What ruling did Roose Bolton rule?
question Who reaffirms that he is a sworn brother of the Night's Watch?
question Who states that his loyalty to the Night's Watch is considered dubious because of his time with the wildlings?
question What does Stannis want Jon to do to the wildlings?
question Who swears his loyalty to the Night's Watch?
question Who will the King-Beyond-the-Wall be burned as a sacrifice to?
question What does Jon try to convince Mance to do?
question Who gives Mance one last chance to save his life?
question Who lights the pyre?
question What happens to Mance when Jon attempts to convince Mance to bend the knee to Stannis?
question What does Jon shoot Mance through the heart?
question Who summons Jon to discuss his future?
question Who was the messenger-raven of Stannis?
question What is the name of the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch?
question Who is the commander of the Shadow Tower?
question Who tally the tokens and a tie is declared between Jon and Thorne?
question Who is the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch?
question Who approached Jon about the offer of legitimization?
question What was Jon's dream to be with the Night's Watch?
question Where does Stannis tell Jon he intends to march on?
question Who does Stannis recommend sending to command Eastwatch-by-the-Sea?
question Who leaves the Night's Watch?
question What does Davos say the Night's Watch protects?
question Who did Jon Snow assign to oversee the digging of a new latrine pit?
question Who is a member of the Night's Watch?
question What is the name of the castle that Jon orders Slynt to repair?
question What does Jon ask Janos if he's refusing to obey?
question What does Janos say to Jon?
question What does Olly call for Olly to fetch?
question Who does Jon execute?
question Where does Janos plead for mercy?
question What does Jon execute the cowardly former Commander of the City Watch?
question Who sees Jon behead Janos for refusing his orders?
question Whose new recruits are observing Jon?
question What does Sam ask the Northern Lords for?
question Who is Jon's brother's killer?
question What is the name of Melisandre's home?
question What is Jon's love for?
question What does Jon Snow say to Melisandre?
question What does Aemon tell Aemon to do?
question What is Jon's plan?
question Who is Jon trying to keep the wildlings from falling into the hands of?
question What is Jon's goal to keep the wildlings from falling into the hands of the coming White Walker army?
question Where did Mance's army flee to?
question What does Jon want Tormund to negotiate with?
question What will the wildlings know so long as Jon accompanies him so that the wildlings will know?
question How many of Stannis's ships does Jon borrow?
question Where does Stannis prepare to leave Castle Black?
question Who was Tormund's brother?
question Who criticizes Jon's mission?
question Who does Jon hugs for what might be the last time he leaves Castle Black?
question What does Ramsay say Jon has been appointed to?
question When did Ramsay mention to Sansa that Jon has been made Lord Commander of the Night's Watch?
question Where does Jon arrive?
question Who did Tormund kill for challenging him?
question Who was killed by the wildlings?
question What kingdoms are not enough to stop the White Walkers?
question How many wildlings agree while the rest decide to stay?
question How are the White Walkers attacked?
question What do Jon fight his way to the hut to retrieve?
question How long does Jon fight for a White Walker?
question What material does Longclaw use to parry his attack?
question What metal does Longclaw use to kill the White Walkers?
question What was the name of the massacre that happened to Jon?
question Who appears at thousands of e wharf and shares a long glance with Jon?
question What does Jon look on in as he knows the slaughter he just witnessed is merely a prelude to what is coming for all of West
question Who watch as the wildlings exodus?
question Who refuses to open the gates of Castle Black?
question Where are the wildlings let through Castle Black?
question What does Thorne tell Jon that will get him killed?
question Who are some of Jon's brothers who look at him scornfully?
question Where does Jon agree to send Sam to?
question Where does Sam ask for leave to take Gilly and her baby with him?
question Who left the Night's Watch?
question What will be doubly prevalent as a maester before finding out that Sam and Gilly have had sex already?
question What did Jon agree to?
question Where did Davos return to to beg Jon for soldiers?
question What will not be enough if they do ally with Stannis?
question Who abandoned Stannis when it became apparent he would lose the Battle of Winterfell?
question Who did Melisandre demise when she asked Davos about Stannis and Shireen?
question Who heads inside the castle, leaving both Jon and Davos horrified at the news?
question Who was Jon's uncle?
question What sign did Jon find after being stabbed by his own men?
question Who stab Jon while uttering, For the Watch?
question What does Olly do as Jon kneels, gasping for breath?
question Who leaves Jon out in the cold to bleed out?
question Who was the orchestrator of Jon's demise?
question Who do Ghost's cries summon to move Jon's body to his quarters?
question Who did Edd find to protect Jon's body?
question Who looks at Jon's body and claims that she had seen a vision of him fighting at Winterfell?
question What did Thorne do if they don't surrender?
question Who resurrected Jon?
question Who was Shaken by Jon's death?
question What does Davos say he wasn't asking the R'hllor for help?
question Where does Melisandre perform a ritual with Jon's body?
question What do Davos' attempts seem to be?
question Who does Jon awaken after being rescued by Melisandre?
question Who accosted Jon?
question Who are the leaders of the mutiny accosted by Davos and Melisandre?
question What are the leaders of the mutiny rounded up for?
question Who is the exception to Jon's last words?
question What did Jon declare to Edd?
question Who did Jon relinquishe his command to?
question Who reunites with Sansa?
question What did Edd chast him for abandoning?
question What did Jon retort by saying?
question Who did Sansa escape with help from Theon?
question What do Jon and Sansa embrace when he sees Sansa?
question Who does Jon and Sansa talk inside while Sansa eats?
question What did Jon and Sansa reminisce about?
question What does Sansa regretfully mention to Jon during their youth?
question What did Jon shrugs it off as?
question What is Sansa's last haven?
question Who does Jon receive a threatening letter from?
question Who does Sansa deduce is dead?
question Who asks Jon how many men he has?
question Who are the Northern Houses still loyal to?
question Who did Jon plan his strategy against?
question What does Jon suggest rallying the Boltons?
question Who recaptured Riverrun?
question Where do Jon, Sansa, Tormund and Brienne leave?
question Who helps Jon fight the White Walkers?
question Who is skeptical of the Wildlings?
question What does Dalba believe Ramsay will do if he wins?
question What does Tormund say if the wildlings don't help him?
question What did Wun Wun stand up for?
question Who did Jon, Sansa, and Davos appeal to?
question Who was Lyanna Mormont's uncle?
question Who convinces Ramsay that they need to defeat Ramsay in order to unite the North against the coming White Walkers?
question How many men does Lyanna supply to the wildlings?
question Who did Jon fail to convince to pledge his allegiance to?
question Who gathers more men or the weather turns against them?
question Who sends a letter calling for help behind Jon's back?
question Who and Sansa attend a swift consultation with Ramsay?
question Why does Ramsay refuse to surrender?
question What does Ramsay say he will pardon Jon for breaking his vows if he will hand Sansa over?
question What is Rickon's direwolf's head?
question What does Sansa tell Ramsay about Rickon's capture?
question Who did Sansa criticize Jon's underestimation of?
question Why did Sansa criticize Jon?
question What is Jon's opinion that the Boltons need more men?
question Jon meets with Melisandre and insists to what?
question What does Melisandre believe that only the Lord of Light can decide Jon's fate?
question Who brings out Rickon?
question What does Ramsay bring out to Rickon?
question What does Ramsay fire at Rickon?
question What happens to Rickon as he is about to reach his brother?
question How do Bolton archers fire volleys of arrows in Jon Snow's direction?
question Who commands the Stark cavalry to follow their commander?
question Who executes his own pincer movement with his infantry?
question What forces the Bolton army closer and closer together?
question Who arrive with reinforcements courtesy of House Arryn?
question Who pushed Petyr Baelish and Sansa to arrive with reinforcements?
question What army is decimated by the Knights of the Vale?
question Who does Jon make eye contact with as he retreats from the battlefield and chases him?
question Who closes the gates of Winterfell?
question Who defeats Jon's forces?
question What kind of duel does Jon offer to Ramsay?
question What did Jon block Ramsay's shots with?
question Who's body is found in the crypt with Ned's bones?
question Where did House Stark restore the hold of the Boltons?
question Who's bones are found in Rickon's crypt?
question Who asks Jon for Ramsay's whereabouts?
question Who banishes Melisandre?
question Who did Davos accuse Melisandre of sacrificing?
question Who accuses Melisandre of sacrificing Shireen?
question Jon orders Melisandre to leave the North on threat of execution?
question Who is Sansa?
question Who was the Lady of Winterfell?
question What does Jon ask Sansa about?
question What does Jon say he and Sansa must trust each other completely now?
question Who has arrived from the Citadel?
question What did Jon wryly point out about the arrival of winter?
question Where do the surviving heads of the Northern vassal Houses gather?
question What do the lords of the Vale debate?
question Who did Lyanna Mormont help defeat?
question What is the name of the King in the North?
question What does Lyanna Mormont say Jon may be?
question Who is the new King in the North?
question Who avenged the Red Wedding?
question Who is hailed as the new King in the North?
question What is Jon Snow hailed as the new King in the North?
question Who apologizes profusely?
question Who swears Jon Snow's allegiance?
question Who previously proclaimed Jon King in the North?
question Who returns Jon's smile as he stands?
question Who does Sansa see glowering in the corner of the hall?
question Who are the sons of Bran?
question Who are the sons of Bran?
question Where did Jon meet?
question How much of the North is fighting the White Walkers?
question What does Jon ask that all maesters start searching for?
question What is dragonglass more valuable than?
question What does Jon advocate when Sansa advocates that the Umbers and Karstarks be stripped of their lands and titles as punishment for supporting
question Who do Sansa summon to reaffirm their loyalty to House Stark?
question Who did Ned Umber and Alys Karstark kneel before?
question What does Jon say don't matter anymore?
question Who does Jon chide Sansa for questioning his decision-making?
question Who did Jon remind Sansa of not to tolerate dissent?
question Who did Jon tell Jon that he must act wiser than?
question Where are Jon, Sansa, and Davos discussing Tyrion's letter?
question What kind of dwarfs are in their fathers' eyes?
question Where does Jon agree that now is not the right time to go?
question Who will make a good ally in the war to come against the White Walkers?
question What did Jon discover on Dragonstone?
question Who tells the Northern lords that he has decided to accept Sam's discovery?
question What powerful allies do Jon need to have any chance at defeating the Night King?
question What does Jon name Sansa to rule in his place until he returns?
question Who manipulates Jon's crypts beneath Winterfell?
question What does Littlefinger try to do to Jon?
question What is Jon's love for?
question What does Littlefinger say he will kill him if he touches his sister?
question Who will take a ship to Dragonstone?
question Where do Jon and Davos arrive?
question What dwarf did Tyrion address Jon as?
question What does Tyrion observe that Tyrion has picked up?
question Who asks that Davos surrender their weapons?
question Who do Jon and his entourage hand over their weapons to?
question Who did Davos and Jon first lay eyes on?
question Who did Jon and Tyrion talk about?
question What did Tyrion assure Jon that Sansa's marriage was?
question Who is Jon aware of the fate of the Starks who had met with?
question Who are Davos and Davos startled at flying low over the causeway?
question Who is waiting for Jon within?
question Who introduces Daenerys in the throne room?
question What does Daenerys insist he is?
question Who bent the knee to Aegon the Conqueror?
question What does Daenerys want Jon to do?
question Who did Daenerys accuse him of breaking faith with?
question Who apologizes for her father's actions?
question What do Daenerys urge Jon to do to children?
question What does Jon argue that children should not be punished for the crimes of their parents?
question Who tells Daenerys that he has come for her help?
question How many dragons do Daenerys remind him of?
question What does Jon like the fighting between the Great Houses to?
question What is Jon's true enemy?
question Who vouches for Jon?
question What does Jon think the Army of the Dead needs to do?
question Who did Eddard oppose the assassination plot?
question What did Daenerys believe she was targeted by assassins, enslaved, raped, and defile
question What does Daenerys talk about?
question What kingdom is Daenerys destined to rule?
question Who discuss Jon's kingship?
question Who tells Daenerys that Jon won the support of the wildlings and fought the White Walkers?
question What did Davos say Jon won the support of the wildlings?
question What does Davos say it doesn't matter who?
question Who doesn't see the point of Jon's refusal to submit?
question Who disputes Jon's claims to queenship?
question Who does Daenerys receive a message from?
question Who does Daenerys order to give Jon food and lodging?
question What does Jon ask when he is a prisoner?
question What does Jon examine?
question Who pose a threat to Jon?
question Who does Tyrion trust?
question What does Jon ask Tyrion about?
question What does Jon want to do to help his people?
question What does Tyrion encourage Jon to do to help his people?
question Who is not Jon's father?
question What does Tyrion ask if there is something he can do to help Jon?
question What does Jon examine?
question Who pose a threat to Jon?
question Who does Tyrion trust?
question What does Jon ask Tyrion about?
question What does Jon want to do to help his people?
question What does Tyrion encourage Jon to do to help his people?
question Who is not Jon's father?
question What does Tyrion ask if there is something he can do to help Jon?
question What are the cave paintings of the Children of the Forest filled with?
question How many years ago did the Children of the Forest stand?
question What is the name of the chamber of the Children and the First Men?
question What is the image of the White Walkers?
question When did the Children of the Forest and the First Men drive off the White Walkers?
question What does Jon want to do with Daenerys?
question Who won't accept a southern ruler again after everything they've gone through?
question What does Daenerys ask Jon if they will if their king does?
question Who did Daenerys receive word about?
question Who advises Daenerys against this?
question What did Jon tell Daenerys about dragons?
question What do the dragons do to Daenerys?
question Who did Jon reunite with?
question Who asks Jon if Sansa is all right?
question Who is the only reason why Jon is still alive?
question What is the name of the incident that Jon witnesses Daenerys returning to Dragonstone?
question Who approaches Jon who does not flinch at the dragon and starts to pet him?
question Who is approached by Daenerys?
question Where is the army of the dead approaching?
question Tyrion proposes a plan to capture what to prove Cersei about the existence of the White Walkers?
question Who do Jon agree with?
question Who resurrects Viserion for his own use?
question What happens to Jon in the cold waters beneath the ice?
question Who tells Jon to flee on his horse while he buys time for his nephew to escape?
question On what horse does Jon watch his uncle being overwhelmed by the undead?
question Along with Davos and Sandor, who is Jon brought to Eastwatch?
question Where does Jon wake to find Daenerys sitting at his bedside?
question What does Daenerys know is real?
question What does Daenerys tell Jon that the dragons are the only children she will ever have?
question Who did Jon thank Daenerys for addressing her?
question What does Jon agree to do to my Queen?
question What does Daenerys ask Jon?
question What does Jon assure her that the Northern lords loyal to him will come to see her for?
question Who is touched by his statement?
question Who tells Daenerys to get some rest?
question Where do Jon and the rest of his allies head to to parley with the Lannisters?
question Who did Cersei dismiss as a ploy to trick her into lowering her defenses?
question Who gave Jon a torch to show how fire can be used to stop the wights?
question What does Jon use to end the wight's upper half?
question Who is Daenerys concerned with?
question What does Jon call on to keep the truce between Cersei and Daenerys?
question How many queens does Jon say he cannot serve?
question Who does Cersei declare that there will be no truce if it is just her and Daenerys?
question Who rip into Jon over his ill-advised action?
question What does Tyrion believe might be a good skill for Daenerys and Daenerys?
question What do Daenerys and Tyrion argue is worthless?
question What happened to the dragons as the power of the dragons waned?
question Who is not like everyone else?
question Who made Daenerys infertile?
question What interrupts the conversation between Daenerys and Daenerys?
question What will the Lannister army march north to fight alongside the Starks and Targaryens?
question Who will mop up the White Walkers on their own?
question Who refuses to back down from his pledge to help fight the White Walkers?
question What does Jon and Daenerys want to know about?
question Where does Jon enter the cabin where the two of them begin to consummate their relationship?
question Where does Jon enter the cabin where the two of them begin to consummate their relationship?
question Where do Sam and Gilly arrive?
question Who was Jon born to?
question Who wrote a journal about annulling Rhaegar's marriage?
question What does Sam encourage Bran to use to confirm Rhaegar's marriage?
question Where does Bran see a happy Lyanna wedding Rhaegar?
question Where did Bran finally hear Lyanna's dying words?
question What did Bran say Rhaegar never raped Lyanna?
question Who was the son of Rhaegar?
question What forces return Jon to Winterfell?
question Who did the townspeople cast many suspicious looks?
question Where does Jon introduce Daenerys to?
question What is the name of the rider Jon and Daenerys riding?
question Where did Jon hunt as a child?
question Jon rides what for the first time?
question Who is coming to Jon?
question What does Sansa ask Jon?
question What do Daenerys and Jon invite him to do?
question Who does Jon fly alongside?
question Who interrupts Jon and Daenerys kiss?
question Who is more loyal to Sansa than the Targaryen queen?
question In what remembrance of his family does Jon reunite with Sam?
question Who executed his brother and father?
question Who did Jon tell Sam that Daenerys executed men?
question What did Jon do when he refused to kneel?
question Jon says he was not a what?
question Jon responds that he did what?
question What is Aegon Targaryen, the son of Rhaegar and Lyanna?
question Who is Jon's father?
question Who is Jon's queen?
question Who did Sam ask Jon if he would give up her crown for her people?
question Who prepares to fight the dead near Winterfell?
question Who will protect Bran in the godswood of Winterfell?
question Where is Lyanna's statue located?
question What did Jon tell Daenerys about the rape of Lyanna?
question What does Jon tell Daenerys about Rhaegar?
question Who is Jon's best friend?
question What signal the arrival of the Night King's army?
question When does Jon ride atop Rhaegal?
question Who fights the Night King?
question What happens to Rhaegal when he falls unconscious?
question Who pinned Rhaegal down during the Battle of Winterfell?
question Where does Jon make his way to fight the Night King?
question What does Jon notice on his way to Godswood to fight the Night King?
question Who defeats the Night King?
question Who hailed Jon during the celebrations of the victory?
question Who meets Jon in his room after the celebrations?
question What did Daenerys say Jorah loved?
question What do Jorah and Jon begin to do?
question What is the name of the throne that Daenerys laments that Jon told her the truth of his parentage?
question What does Jon say he does not want the throne?
question What does Daenerys tell Jon?
question Who tells Jon he will refuse and declares Daenerys will always be his queen?
question Who insists that he must never reveal his parentage to anyone but Jon tells Daenerys he owes his sisters the
question What is the only way that can happen if Jon tells Daenerys he owes his sisters the truth?
question Who wants to take the Red Keep?
question What does Sansa opt for?
question What does Jon do to the queen?
question What do Sansa and Arya state?
question Who does Jon defend?
question What did Jon say he has never been a Stark?
question What is Jon's choice to tell Bran?
question What does Jon swear to when he defends Daenerys?
question Who tells Bran to reveal the truth of his parentage?
question Where does Jon march along the Kingsroad with the Stark, Arryn, and Dothraki forces?
question Who was executed for the Iron Throne?
question Where does Jon depart from his forces after crossing the Trident?
question Who is asked to take the Iron Throne?
question Who did Jon discuss his parentage with?
question Who burned Varys alive?
question Who does Jon see when Varys is burned alive?
question Who is responsible for Varys' death?
question What does Daenerys confide that the people of Westeros love Jon more than her?
question Who does Jon tell Daenerys that he loves Varys?
question What does Jon break it off?
question What does Daenerys resign to ruling by?
question Who captures the Golden Company during the Battle of King's Landing?
question What do the Lannister forces and people of King's Landing surrender?
question Who burn the streets of King's Landing?
question Why is Jon forced to fight?
question What does Jon kill despite his calls to stop the carnage?
question What caused the wildfire caches to erupt?
question What is strewn everywhere in the ash-covered devastation wrought by Daenerys?
question Who leaves for the Red Keep alone?
question Who are executing remaining surrendered Lannister soldiers?
question Who did Daenerys order Grey Worm to execute?
question Who told Jon to take it up with the queen?
question Who executes the captives as they walk away?
question What does Jon warn Jon against?
question Who disavows his loyalty and being arrested for releasing Jaime?
question Who did Tyrion reunite with?
question Who was killed in King's Landing?
question Who will never bend the knee to her?
question Who pleads with Jon to take action against Daenerys?
question Who was right all along about Daenerys?
question What does Tyrion warn that Varys won't stop until she has liberated the world?
question What happened to Varys?
question What does Tyrion know about Daenerys?
question Why does Tyrion advise him to take action against Daenerys?
question What does Tyrion ask him to do because of his parentage?
question Who told Tyrion about his parentage because she doesn't want Daenerys as the Queen?
question What does Jon respond to because she doesn't want Daenerys as the Queen?
question Where does Jon find Daenerys standing by the Iron Throne?
question What did Jon confront Daenerys during the battle?
question What does Jon show to Daenerys during the battle?
question What did Jon urge for Tyrion and those in King's Landing?
question Who rejects this saying they can't hide behind mercy and states the world they need can't be built by those loyal to the current one?
question Who assures that the new world she has in mind will be a good one?
question When Jon asks about others who think they know what is good, she responds what?
question What does Jon try to convince him to be by her side to do?
question What did Jon try to do as he kissed Daenerys?
question Who collapses and dies in his arms as Jon grieves over her?
question Who lays Daenerys on the ground?
question Who sees Daenerys dead on the floor?
question Which dragon melts the Iron Throne and flies away with Daenerys corpse?
question Where does Jon find Daenerys standing by the Iron Throne?
question What did Jon confront Daenerys during the battle?
question What does Jon show to Daenerys during the battle?
question What did Jon urge for Tyrion and those in King's Landing?
question Who rejects this saying they can't hide behind mercy and states the world they need can't be built by those loyal to the current one?
question Who assures that the new world she has in mind will be a good one?
question When Jon asks about others who think they know what is good, she responds what?
question What does Jon try to convince him to be by her side to do?
question What did Jon try to do as he kissed Daenerys?
question Who collapses and dies in his arms as Jon grieves over her?
question Who lays Daenerys on the ground?
question Who sees Daenerys dead on the floor?
question Which dragon melts the Iron Throne and flies away with Daenerys corpse?
question Who did Jon bid farewell to after being taken into exile by two wandering crows?
question Who did Jon congratulate on gaining independence for the North?
question Where did Jon tell Arya she could visit him?
question What did Bran say he was exactly where he was supposed to be?
question Where does Jon arrive and reunite with Tormund and the wildlings?
question Who does Jon reunite with?
question Where does Jon ride along with Ghost and the wildlings?
question What did Jon become after he was raised by Ned at Winterfell?
question Who raised Jon at Winterfell?
question Who was careful not to give Catelyn more attention than his lawful children?
question Why did Eddard intentionally ignore Catelyn?
question What did Jon consider Catelyn's behavior to be?
question Who was Jon's half-sibling?
question What did Robb and Arya become in training?
question What was the name of the place where the old man was sure that their half-brother would keep them safe?
question Where did Sansa reunite with his half-brother?
question What does Sansa see as the best candidate for?
question When Jon is forced to join the King of the Seven Kingdoms, what is the name of the show that Sansa shows great sorrow?
question What did Jon learn to do as a bastard?
question What did Jon do beyond his age?
question What is Jon's desire to prove himself to society and to his father?
question Who was Jon's uncle?
question Who are some of Jon's fellow outcasts?
question What type of child has Jon been unusually lucky for?
question Where did Jon live?
question Who trained Jon in combat?
question What type of fighter is Jon?
question What is the name of the highly-skilled warrior Jon takes on?
question Where was Jon a new recruit?
question What does Jon change his behavior to be?
question What was Catelyn's devout adherence to?
question Who was Catelyn's father?
question When Jon took his vow to become a member of the Night's Watch, what did he do?
question What was Jon's name when he joined the Night's Watch?
question Who did Jon have realistic marriage prospects with as a bastard son?
question What was Jon wary of having with random girls or prostitutes?
question What has changed Jon?
question What is Jon's experience of being murdered by his own men and then revived?
question What did Jon abandon after being murdered for doing what he thought was right?
question What does Jon become when he hasn't had any other choice?
question Who was Jon's former steward?
question What has brought Jon back into the fight?
question Who marched off to war but forsook in the past?
question Who did Ramsay decide to play a game with?
question What is Jon's name?
question In just a few years has Jon risen up from being a bastard to becoming what?
question Who are the main names of Jon Snow and Ygritte?
question Who is the main character of Ygritte?
question Who is the main character of Daenerys Targaryen?
question Who are Jon Snow and Jon Snow?
question Who is the main character of Daenerys Targaryen?
question Who are Jon Snow and Jon Snow?
question What is Bran's vision in?
question How old is Jon in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
question What is Arya?
question What does Jon love?
question In what series has Jon never been on good terms with Theon?
question What does Theon feel Jon is about his highborn status?
question What does Theon resent Jon for being?
question What does Eddard refuse to reveal?
question Why does Eddard refuse to reveal who Jon's mother is?
question Why does Jon feel alienation from his family?
question Who views Jon as an interloper in her family?
question Who is unable to sit with his family at the feast?
question What does Jon sit with at another table?
question Who is Jon's uncle's uncle?
question Who decides to go to King's Landing?
question What did Catelyn do when Jon joined the Watch?
question What was the name of the legends of the Night's Watch?
question Who caught the pox as a child?
question What is the name of Jon's uncle?
question What character was invented for the TV series?
question Who did Jon kill to save Jeor Mormont's life?
question What was the cause of the burns of his right hand and his forearm?
question What do the Night's Watch members wear over both hands?
question What did Jon see a White Walker take in the forest as he did in the TV series?
question Who asks Jon why he would betray the Night's Watch?
question What did Jon see a White Walker take in the forest as he did in the TV series?
question Who asks Jon why he would betray the Night's Watch?
question Where does Jon return to to finish off the mutineers?
question Where does Jon return to to finish off the mutineers?
question When did Jon return to Craster's Keep to finish off the mutineers?
question Who did Sansa marry?
question What does Robb realize he needs to name a new heir?
question Who pleads with Robb not to choose Jon?
question Who did Robb sign the decree in the presence of?
question What is no longer mentioned in the books?
question Who did Robb send the decree to?
question What is the name of Jon who has not received the decree?
question Who offered to make Jon Lord of Winterfell?
question What type of son does Jon have reservations about?
question Who assures Jon he can legitimize Winterfell?
question Who tells Jon R'hllor is the only true god?
question What has no more power than one sworn to your shoes?
question What is the purpose of a vow sworn to a tree?
question What does Jon accept Winterfell as a gift of the Lord of Light?
question When he was very young, too young to understand what meant to be a bastard, what was Winterfell?
question When did Jon dream that Winterfell might be his?
question What does Jon have to do to claim his father's castle?
question What does Jon think about Winterfell?
question How many pups did Robb find in the late summer snow?
question What does Jon reject?
question What is the name of the oathbreaker and defiler of the old gods?
question Who did Jon know he must deal with?
question Who did Slynt take part in?
question Which cronies do Jon decide to keep close to him?
question Who does Jon execute for his insubordination?
question How many rangers do Jon send to scout beyond the Wall?
question What does Throne do?
question Who has not returned to Castle Black?
question What is one of the goals that Jon intends to achieve as Lord Commander of the Watch?
question What is Jon's mission to restore and garrison the sixteen abandoned castles?
question What do most of the castles have been garrisoned?
question Who is Stannis' unofficial advisor?
question What is the name of the defenders that Stannis would have overcome?
question Who created the plan to attack the Dreadfort?
question How many times does Stannis' army grow?
question Who did Cersei give to the council?
question What does Cersei claim to the council?
question What do most council members suggest imposing on the Night's Watch?
question What did Qyburn plan to do to kill Jon?
question Who does Cersei intend to send with a hundred men to the Wall?
question Who did Jon propose an alliance with?
question Who did Jon propose an alliance with?
question Who is Melisandre's sister?
question Who informs Jon of the Karstarks' plan to betray Stannis to the Boltons?
question Who does Jon believe Arya is marrying?
question What did Melisandre ignore?
question What does Jon say he is loyal to his oaths?
question Who is still alive?
question Who did Melisandre persuade Jon to send Mance to rescue?
question Who is the representative of the Iron Bank of Braavos?
question What does Jon secure a loan from Nestoris for?
question Who does Jon send to Hardhome?
question Where does Jon arrange a mission to rescue the wildlings?
question Who reports that the wildlings are under siege by wights?
question What prisoner did Ramsay take?
question What is the name of Ramsay's letter?
question What does Ramsay do if Jon does not agree?
question What does Jon realize he can't defend Castle Black from attack from the south?
question What could be construed as?
question What is the name of the head of the Night's Watch?
question Who is there to witness the letter after Jon's resurrection?
question What was the last straw for the older Watch officers?
question Who would destroy the entire Night's Watch if Jon fought Ramsay?
question Who does Jon fight with as he prepares to leave?
question What does Jon try to talk everyone down to prevent?
question Who does Jon openly weep as he says for the Watch?
question What is the chapter of Jon's POV?
question Who is not present as the character was invented for the TV series?
question What is the last word Jon utters as he hears his direwolf howling?
question In what series will Jon return?
question Who was Eddard's sister?
question What was the abbreviation R+L=J for?
question Who was Jon's mother?
question Who is Jon's father?
question Who gave contradictory accounts of Jon's mother?
question Who did Lyanna run off with?
question Who was one of the greatest members of the Kingsguard?
question Who is the son of Rhaegar and Elia Martell?
question Who is Aegon Targaryen's half-brother?
question What is Aegon Targaryen considered in the show?
question Who was the only member of the Targaryen bloodline that can easily bond with and ride dragons?
question What dragon does Jon ride?
question Who was Robert's second cousin in the books?
question Who is the only living member of the Baratheon bloodline?
question Who was Doran Martell's middle son?
question Who was the only member of the Targaryen bloodline that can easily bond with and ride dragons?
question What dragon does Jon ride?
question Who was Robert's second cousin in the books?
question Who is the only living member of the Baratheon bloodline?
question Who was Doran Martell's middle son?
question Who is Jeor Mormont?
question What is Jon Snow's name?
question Who is Jeor Mormont?
question What is Jon Snow's name?
question Who is Jeor Mormont?
question What is Jon Snow's name?
question Who is Jeor Mormont?
question What is Jon Snow's name?
question What is the name of the player?
question What is Benjen Stark's name?
question What is Benjen Stark's name?
question Who  Clydas  Dareon  Gordo  Hobb  Mink  Myk  Samwell
question Joby  One-Eyed Joe  Luke  Lobor  Erik?
question What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
question Pypar  Jon Snow  Bowen Marsh?
question What is Donnel Hill's name?
question What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
question Who is Bowen Marsh?
question What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
question What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
question What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
question Pypar  Jon Snow  Bowen Marsh?
question What is Donnel Hill's name?
question What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
question Who is Bowen Marsh?
question What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
question What is the name of the name of Donnel Hill?
question Rancer  Toad  Vorkoy  Casper?
question What is the name of Rancer?
question What is the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name
question What is the name of the Black Jack Bulwer?
question Cotter  Othell Yarwyck?
question Cotter  Othell Yarwyck?
question What is the name of the Kegs  Black Jack Bulwer  Mully  Cotter?
question What?
question What?
question What?
question What?
question What is Castle Black  Eastwatch-by-the-Sea  Deep Lake  Greyguard  Nightfort 
question What is Long Barrow's name?
question What is the name of Shadow Tower?
question What is Long Barrow's name?
question What is Castle Black  Eastwatch-by-the-Sea  Deep Lake  Greyguard  Nightfort 
question What is Long Barrow's name?
question What is the name of Shadow Tower?
question What is Long Barrow's name?
question What percentage of Disney's Star Daenery TargaryenRhaegar TargaryenArya StarkSansa Star
question What is Jon Snow's cousin?
question Who is Sansa Stark the eldest daughter of?
question What is Jon Snow's cousin?
question Who was the heir to the Iron Throne?
question On what charges did House Lannister execute her father?
question Who did Sansa return to Winterfell?
question Where does Sansa reunite with Jon?
question What does Sansa become?
question Where do the knights of the Vale and the knights of the Vale retake Winterfell?
question Who did Jon abdicate Jon's title in favor of?
question Who did Jon abdicate Jon's title in favor of?
question In what battle did Daenerys assassinate?
question Who tutors Sansa Stark?
question Who is the Warden of the North?
question Where was Sansa born and raised?
question Who is Sansa's bastard half-brother?
question What is Sansa good at?
question Who did Sansa dream of being a queen like when she was young?
question Who thought Sansa would be even more beautiful than she was when she was younger?
question Which sister has neither her looks nor her accomplishments in feminine activities and comportment?
question Where was Sansa born and raised?
question Who is Sansa's bastard half-brother?
question What is Sansa good at?
question Who did Sansa dream of being a queen like when she was young?
question Who thought Sansa would be even more beautiful than she was when she was younger?
question Which sister has neither her looks nor her accomplishments in feminine activities and comportment?
question What does Sansa adopt when her brothers find an orphaned litter of direwolf pups?
question Where does King Robert Baratheon visit to offer Sansa's father the position of Hand of the King?
question Who does Robert offer to betroth to Sansa?
question Who is Sansa taken with?
question What does Sansa want to do with the capital?
question Who takes the office of Hand?
question Who is the king's headsman?
question Who is the butcher's son of Arya?
question Who bites Joffrey's arm when Arya threatens her with his sword?
question Who flee and Joffrey cries before snapping at Sansa to get him help?
question Who asks Sansa to corroborate Joffrey's claim that he was the victim of an unprovoked attack?
question Who tells Sansa to tell the truth?
question Who orders that Arya's direwolf be executed for harming Joffrey?
question What is the cause of the death of Arya's direwolf Lady?
question Who carries out the execution himself to Sansa's anguish?
question Where does Sansa dine?
question Why did Eddard buy Sansa a doll?
question Who did Eddard explain to Arya that Sansa could not defy?
question Who killed Sansa's grandfather and uncle?
question Who is Sansa fearful of not being able to give Joffrey sons?
question Who was killed at the Hand's tournament?
question Who burned the face of the Hound when they were very young?
question Who is Joffrey's bodyguard?
question Who does Sansa cheer for?
question Who is sitting behind Sansa?
question Who intervenes in Sansa's furious attack?
question Who applauds Sandor's actions?
question Sansa and Septa Mordane are what?
question Who did Joffrey give Sansa a present similar to?
question What does Joffrey do to Sansa?
question Who suggested that the North must be kept under their control through his marriage to Sansa?
question Who told Sansa that he is sending her and Arya back to Winterfell?
question What does Sansa do?
question What does Sansa refuse to accept?
question What does Sansa say Joffrey will be?
question What does Arya point out that Joffrey is not a lion?
question Who realizes that Joffrey and his siblings are not Robert's true children?
question What did Eddard say Sansa and Arya are returning to Winterfell?
question Who dies after a hunting accident?
question Who betrayed Eddard?
question Who is responsible for the slaughter of Eddard's retinue at the Red Keep?
question Who tells Sansa to lock herself in their rooms?
question Where is Sansa brought to?
question Who humiliates Sansa in front of the Royal Court?
question What did Sansa insist that she was humiliated by Joffrey?
question Who says that she will believe Sansa is loyal on the condition that Robb asks him to bend the knee and swear fealty
question Where does Robb marche south to relieve from the Lannister armies?
question Who agrees to give Eddard mercy if he admits his wrongdoing?
question What does Sansa say about Eddard?
question Who did Eddard Stark swear loyalty to?
question Who orders to execute her father?
question What is Sansa distraught?
question Who carries out the execution with the Starks' own family greatsword?
question Who has written a song unfavorable to the royal family?
question Where are the severed heads of executed criminals mounted?
question Who does Joffrey draw Sansa's attention to?
question Who forces Sansa to look upon the severed head of her father?
question Who did Joffrey tell her that was showing mercy?
question Who does Sansa retort about taking Joffrey's head instead?
question Who is the Kingsguard's striker?
question What does Joffrey tell Sansa about?
question Who stops Joffrey and Meryn Trant?
question What does Sandor give to her after Joffrey and Meryn leave?
question Who is Sansa a captive of?
question Where is Sansa a captive of Queen Regent Cersei?
question What has Sansa learned to feign loyalty to Joffrey?
question Who does Sansa convince her to spare when he attends drunk?
question Who is Sansa tormented by?
question Who is Sansa's new handmaid?
question At what battle did Robb win?
question Who intervenes and offers to end her engagement to Joffrey?
question Who did Sansa attend for Dorne?
question Who is Princess Myrcella Baratheon?
question Who mocks Joffrey for crying?
question What is Joffrey struck by as the royal party returns to the Red Keep?
question Who demands that his guards kill all of the smallfolk present?
question Who pursues Sansa as she tries to flee to safety?
question Who is in the process of browbeating Joffrey for losing her in the first place?
question Who treats Sansa's injuries?
question What does Shae say is because Sansa has more than they will ever have?
question What did Sansa say she would have given them if she had it?
question Shae warns Sansa not to say what?
question Who chats after Sansa's first flowering?
question What is Sansa nightmare that she is being stabbed by her attackers from the riots?
question What does Sansa find bloodied by the onset of her first period?
question Who tries to help Sansa conceal the evidence?
question Who catches Joffrey's children?
question What does Cersei give Sansa advice on?
question Who does Cersei tell Sansa not to love?
question Where does Baratheon sail his fleet into?
question Who is Sansa summoned to the throne room to say goodbye to?
question What does Joffrey force Sansa to do?
question Where does Shae take refuge?
question Who is present to kill Sansa if the walls are breached?
question Who advises Sansa to use her sexuality as a weapon?
question Who tries to keep the morale of the women up with prayers and singing?
question What does Sansa try to keep the morale of the women up with?
question Who tells Sansa to return to her chambers and bar her door to keep her safe?
question Who is waiting for Sansa to be rescued by Stannis?
question Where is Sandor going?
question What does Sandor warn Sansa that all men are?
question Who led Stannis's force?
question Who doles out rewards to Sansa?
question Petyr Baelish is made what?
question Who does Tyrell ask Joffrey to marry?
question Who looks at Sansa deviously?
question Who did Sansa revel in?
question Who suggested Joffrey set Sansa aside because of her family's treachery?
question What does Joffrey accept?
question Who says that he will adore Sansa until his last day?
question What did Sansa allow herself once she has privacy?
question Who warns Sansa of her lack of protection?
question Who is Sansa's queen?
question What does Petyr remind Sansa of?
question What does Sansa do to trust him?
question What does Sansa debate about?
question Who is uninterested in the game?
question Why does Sansa tell Shae that she enjoys the game?
question Who tells Shae that she enjoys the game because the truth is either terrible or boring?
question What is Sansa's opinion about the idea of truth?
question Who do Sansa confide in?
question Shae warns that what is manipulative and men usually want one thing from young ladies?
question Who escorted Margaery and Olenna Tyrell?
question What did Joffrey take her up to the wall and force her to look at?
question What does Olenna tell her that Joffrey is a monster?
question What does Sansa admit to Joffrey?
question Who is Sansa a valuable hostage?
question Who becomes the key to the North as the Lady of Winterfell?
question Who does Varys suggest that a Tyrell marry Sansa?
question Who fills Sansa's head with Highgarden?
question Who would never allow Sansa to leave King's Landing?
question What does Margaery tell her that Cersei would never allow her to leave King's Landing?
question Who does Loras watch with his squire?
question Who did the Tyrell plot to keep Loras out of?
question Who replies that she will plant the seed of the idea after she and Joffrey are married?
question Who does Sansa think will let her go?
question Who begins a sexual relationship with his squire?
question Who is Olyvar's employer?
question Who meets with Sansa?
question Why does Littlefinger say they should wait until after Joffrey's wedding?
question Who is a master manipulator?
question What does Littlefinger call him?
question Who informs Cersei of the proposed marriage between Loras and Sansa?
question Who arranges for Cersei to marry Loras and Tyrion to marry Sansa?
question Who does Sansa fawn over?
question What does Loras think there will be when Sansa gives him an expectant look?
question What is one subject where Loras and Sansa find common ground?
question Who is Sansa told of her engagement to?
question Who does Sansa refuse to dismiss?
question Why does Tyrion give Shae a carefully coded apology?
question Where did Littlefinger's ship depart for the Vale of Arryn?
question Who does Sansa walk with?
question What does Margaery Tyrell admit to being wed to?
question What does Margaery ask Sansa about her sexual interests?
question What does Margaery say about Sansa's innocence?
question At what event did Tyrion speak with Sansa before their wedding?
question What kind of people could Sansa be wed to?
question What did Tyrion do to cloak Sansa in Lannister colors?
question What does Tyrion ask Sansa to do in the face of humiliation?
question Who begins the ceremony as man and wife?
question What is a grim and miserable affair between man and wife?
question What does Joffrey ask Sansa?
question Who protested Sansa's ineffectual protests?
question Who ponds that it doesn't matter which Lannister gets her pregnant?
question Who does Joffrey say will hold Sansa down?
question Who claps his hands and declares it is time for the bedding ceremony?
question What did Tyrion do to his nephew if he doesn't stop?
question Tywin told Joffrey that his uncle is clearly quite what?
question Who takes a visibly relieved Sansa out of the room?
question Who does Sansa begin to form a friendship with?
question Who is pleased to see that Sansa's bedsheets are unstained as it means that she remains a virgin?
question Who is Sansa's new husband?
question What is the name of the event that Sansa receives from Tyrion's father?
question What does Sansa feel about her mother and brother's death?
question What does Sansa remain distraught over the deaths of her mother and brother?
question What did Sansa refuse to eat?
question Who died in the river?
question Where does Sansa excuse herself from the table?
question What is the only place Sansa can go where nobody talks to her?
question Who watches Sansa in the godswood?
question Who gives Sansa a diamond necklace?
question Who did Dontos Hollard reveal to Sansa?
question What did Dontos Hollard offer to Sansa?
question What does Dontos give Sansa?
question When does Sansa attend?
question What was the second sword re-forged from?
question Who was the second sword re-forged from Ice?
question What is the name of the book that Sansa is shocked when Tyrion's sword is turned on to Joffrey?
question What does Joffrey name his new weapon?
question What does Sansa look on in?
question Who consoles Sansa during the wedding feast?
question Who encourages Sansa to look on the bright side?
question Where does Olenna invite Sansa to visit?
question Olenna toys with Sansa's hair and whom's necklace in a grandmotherly fashion?
question Who plays each king in the War of the Five Kings?
question Which king is knocked off by the dwarf playing Joffrey?
question What does Sansa look on in?
question Who makes a veiled reference to his nephew's cowardice during the Battle of Blackwater?
question Who tries to pick up the goblet?
question Who does Sansa feel pity for?
question Who calls them back and demands Tyrion bring him the cup again?
question Who had slipped some poison into Joffrey's cup?
question Who gave Olenna a chance to retrieve the poison from Olenna's necklace?
question Who encourages Joffrey to leave to save her life?
question Who escorts Sansa away from the Purple Wedding?
question Who did Dontos take Sansa to?
question Who has Dontos killed to guarantee his silence?
question Who did Dontos kill?
question What did Baelish say Dontos was working solely for?
question Who escorts Sansa away from the Purple Wedding?
question Who did Dontos take Sansa to?
question Who has Dontos killed to guarantee his silence?
question Who did Dontos kill?
question What did Baelish say Dontos was working solely for?
question Where are Sansa and Petyr walking towards?
question What does Sansa use the disguise as?
question What is Lysa's aunt's name?
question Who is Lysa's cousin?
question Who offers Sansa a tour of the rest of the Eyrie?
question Who did Lysa cry from consummating her marriage to?
question How many crates did Petyr bring to Sansa?
question Who did Lysa tell Sansa about when she was young?
question What does Lysa tell her to do?
question What does Lysa turn to to accuse her of having sex with Petyr?
question What does Lysa try to assure Lysa of having sex with Petyr?
question What does Lysa try to assure Lysa that she is a virgin?
question What does Petyr say that Sansa is?
question Who is executed after Lysa tells her that she is a virgin?
question What does Sansa know about Tyrion?
question Where does Petyr Baelish kiss Sansa Stark?
question What is the name of the snow castle that Sansa builds?
question Who does Sansa Stark have a short-lived friendly conversation with before she snaps at him for ruining her snow castle?
question Who is running back inside after Sansa slaps him?
question Who tells him that he had Joffrey killed?
question Who is the only woman he ever loved?
question What does Lysa witness when he kisses Sansa Stark?
question Where does Sansa sit over the open Moon Door?
question What does Lysa say about Catelyn?
question Who was enraged by Lysa's interest in Sansa?
question Who did Lysa tell Lysa that he only loved?
question Who is Sansa called to testify before before Baelish can get to her?
question From where did Sansa escape?
question Who did Sansa tell about her mental instability, jealousy, and death?
question Who does Sansa give a stony, almost triumphant gaze?
question Who presents Sansa's new wardrobe to?
question Who visits Sansa and asks why she lied on his behalf?
question What would Sansa want from her if Littlefinger were eliminated?
question What type of dress does Sansa wear with a plunging neckline?
question Who does Sansa watch practice his swordsmanship with Littlefinger and Yohn Royce?
question Who is Sansa still under the alias?
question What message does Littlefinger receive?
question Who does Robin leave for further training?
question Who told Petyr they would be traveling to the Fingers?
question Where will Sansa be safe from?
question Where do Sansa and Baelish stop?
question Who is off-guard in Sansa's episode?
question What does Baelish say doesn't apply to Sansa?
question What does Brienne appear to appear before she declares herself for Sansa?
question What does Baelish doubt that Sansa would want to let both of Renly's masters die?
question What event did Brienne appear at?
question Who does Sansa reject?
question Where do Sansa and Baelish return to?
question Who is the recently legitimized son of Roose Bolton?
question What does Baelish claim will be an opportunity for Sansa to marry?
question Where do Sansa and Baelish return to?
question Who is the recently legitimized son of Roose Bolton?
question What does Baelish claim will be an opportunity for Sansa to marry?
question Where does Sansa visit the Stark family crypts?
question Who is Sansa's long-dead aunt?
question Who gave Lyanna a crown of flowers blue as frost?
question Where has Sansa been recalled?
question Where will Stannis need a Stark?
question What does Littlefinger believe Stannis will declare Sansa?
question Who is already betrothed to Sansa?
question Who is Sansa's maid?
question What does Sansa tell her to light in the highest window of the Broken Tower if she's ever in trouble?
question Where does Sansa run into as she wanders around the castle?
question What did Myranda talk to Sansa about?
question Where was Sansa's family still living?
question Who is asleep in the kennels?
question What does Sansa call Reek?
question What does Theon warn Sansa of?
question Who is in such a pitiable condition?
question Who do Sansa dine with at dinner?
question Who mutters an apology to Sansa for murdering Bran and Rickon?
question Who is the closest thing Sansa has to kin?
question Who announces Walda's pregnancy?
question What is the name of the third unseen girl who Ramsay murdered for sport?
question Who did Ramsay kill?
question How does Myranda tell Myranda she is a Stark of Winterfell?
question Who is Sansa wed to?
question Who will punish Ramsay if she doesn't?
question What does Theon ask Sansa to do?
question Who officiated Ramsay's wedding ceremony?
question What does Sansa take Ramsay as?
question Who did Ramsay first interrogate Sansa about her virginity and her marriage to?
question Who turns to leave but Ramsay tells him he must stay?
question What does Ramsay say about Sansa's hesitancy?
question What does Ramsay do to Sansa?
question Who is visibly distraught and begins silently crying himself as Ramsay proceeds to rape Sansa?
question What did Ramsay leave on Sansa's arms and body?
question Who keeps Sansa locked in her bedchamber?
question Who brings her breakfast to Sansa?
question Who reminds Sansa that Ramsay is Ramsay's wife?
question Who warns Sansa that Ramsay hurts her every night?
question What did Ramsay do when he tries to flee?
question What do Sansa tell Reek that Ramsay can still redeem himself by lighting in the broken tower?
question Who is the only surviving son of Balon Greyjoy?
question Theon Greyjoy is the only surviving son of who?
question What did Ramsay gloat that one day he will be?
question Who legitimized Ramsay?
question What is Jon's role in the Night's Watch?
question Who reported the candle to Sansa?
question What does Ramsay force Sansa to do?
question Where is Sansa ordered to view her maid's corpse?
question Who were the two brothers that Theon reveals to Sansa that they were alive?
question What did Theon tell Sansa about?
question What did Ramsay do to Sansa as he did terrible things?
question How many farm boys did Theon admit they were not Bran and Rickon?
question What kind of anger does Sansa feel about Theon's betrayal?
question What happens when Sansa asks if Ramsay knows where they might have gone to?
question What does Sansa feel about the revelation that she has more surviving family left?
question Who were the two brothers that Theon reveals to Sansa that they were alive?
question What did Theon tell Sansa about?
question What did Ramsay do to Sansa as he did terrible things?
question How many farm boys did Theon admit they were not Bran and Rickon?
question What kind of anger does Sansa feel about Theon's betrayal?
question What happens when Sansa asks if Ramsay knows where they might have gone to?
question What does Sansa feel about the revelation that she has more surviving family left?
question What do Theon and Sansa prepare to do?
question Who briefly lowers her arrow and admits Ramsay needs her alive to secure his hold on the North?
question Who doesn't need Sansa in one piece?
question What happens to Myranda's arrow?
question Who grabs Myranda before she can release it?
question Where do Theon and Sansa escape by jumping off the side of Winterfell's walls?
question Where did Sansa escape from?
question Who hugs Sansa to keep her warm?
question Who finds the Bolton men and hounds?
question Who is the half-brother of Theon's half-brother?
question Who does Sansa refuse to leave behind to the Boltons?
question Who fight off the Boltons?
question What does Brienne offer her service to Sansa?
question Where did Sansa escape from?
question Who hugs Sansa to keep her warm?
question Who finds the Bolton men and hounds?
question Who is the half-brother of Theon's half-brother?
question Who does Sansa refuse to leave behind to the Boltons?
question Who fight off the Boltons?
question What does Brienne offer her service to Sansa?
question Where do Sansa, Brienne, and Podrick arrive?
question What happens to both Sansa and Brienne?
question What did Sansa reminisce about?
question Who does Sansa apologize to for her dismissive treatment of Winterfell?
question What does Sansa say the only place they can go now is?
question What does Sansa ask for to help her reclaim their home from the Boltons?
question What does Jon tell her that he had done nothing but fight since he left Winterfell?
question What does Sansa say she will reclaim Winterfell and the North?
question Who do Sansa and Jon share a meal with?
question What prisoner does Ramsay have at Winterfell?
question What is the name of the letter Ramsay signs?
question What does Tormund demand they fight to reclaim?
question How many men and women are in shape to fight?
question What does Sansa say the houses of the North will unite behind him?
question Who does Jon agree to take Ramsay down?
question Who asks Sansa to meet in Mole's Town?
question Who is Petyr's name?
question What has Brynden recaptured?
question Who does Sansa refuse help from?
question What does Sansa say she has?
question What does Petyr add to her brother's army?
question Where is the war meeting held?
question Who did the Karstarks and Umbers have already sided with?
question What is the name of the house that Sansa tells him to add to the list?
question Where did Sansa send Brienne to?
question What is Brienne worried about?
question What does Sansa assure Brienne that Jon will keep her safe?
question Who did Brienne tell Jon about meeting with?
question What did Sansa give Jon before riding south?
question Where do Sansa and Jon arrive?
question Where did House Mormont pledge themselves to?
question What does Lyanna say he is?
question What did Sansa say she did?
question Who was Lyanna's uncle?
question How many men are contributed to the White Walkers?
question Who does House Stark try to recruit?
question Who has just reclaimed Deepwood Motte from the ironborn?
question Who fails to bring him around?
question What do Sansa tell Robett that are pledged to House Stark?
question Who did Robett pledge to fight for?
question How many Northern houses are Sansa and Jon able to recruit?
question What does Jon say they should strike before Ramsay can gather more men?
question Where do Sansa and Jon go to to try and persuade Lord Cerwyn?
question Who writes a letter to an unknown party?
question Who is Sansa at the parley with?
question What does Ramsay do to Sansa?
question Who is Sansa's younger brother?
question Who is Rickon's direwolf?
question What does Sansa tell the Starks to do if they want to save Rickon?
question Who did Jon discuss his battle plans with?
question What does Jon agree with?
question Who does Sansa warn Jon that he won't fall into Jon's trap?
question What does Jon say to Ramsay Bolton?
question Jon asks how do they get back to Ramsay Bolton?
question Who wants Rickon to make a mistake?
question Who asks Jon what he should do differently?
question What does Sansa tell Jon that if Ramsay wins?
question What does Jon cynically say about Sansa?
question Who kills Rickon in the Battle of the Bastards?
question Where does Sansa arrive?
question What is heard in the distance during the Battle of the Bastards?
question Who helped Jon and his army reclaim Winterfell?
question What forces run down the Vale forces?
question Who kills Rickon in the Battle of the Bastards?
question Where does Sansa arrive?
question What is heard in the distance during the Battle of the Bastards?
question Who helped Jon and his army reclaim Winterfell?
question What forces run down the Vale forces?
question Who is exiled from the Citadel?
question What do Sansa tell Melisandre that he is having prepared for her?
question What does Jon say to his sister?
question What was Sansa's name?
question What does Jon ask her about?
question What did Sansa apologize for not telling him about?
question What did Sansa know about the Knights of the Vale?
question What does Jon say about the Knights of the Vale?
question Who arrived from the Citadel?
question What does Jon return to her as she tells Jon that a white raven arrived from the Citadel?
question Who is exiled from the Citadel?
question What do Sansa tell Melisandre that he is having prepared for her?
question What does Jon say to his sister?
question What was Sansa's name?
question What does Jon ask her about?
question What did Sansa apologize for not telling him about?
question What did Sansa know about the Knights of the Vale?
question What does Jon say about the Knights of the Vale?
question Who arrived from the Citadel?
question What does Jon return to her as she tells Jon that a white raven arrived from the Citadel?
question Where do the Vale Lords arrive to discuss the new situation in the North?
question Who responds that the wildlings were invited to Winterfell?
question Who warns the lords that the war is not over?
question What does Jon warn the lords of the North and the Vale that the true enemy won't wait out the storm?
question Who chastises the assembled Northmen for refusing House Stark's call in their greatest hour of need?
question Who remembers and says, The North remembers?
question What is the name of the King in the North?
question Who is the King in the North?
question Who was Jon's brother before him?
question Who acclaims Jon as the King in the North?
question Who acclaim Jon as the King in the North?
question Who is the only other person not cheering?
question Where did Sansa meet at?
question Who did Jon organize the North's defense against?
question Who does Jon ask to man the Wall at Eastwatch-by-the-Sea?
question Who did the Umbers and Karstarks fight against?
question What does Jon say the children of Houses Umber and Karstark cannot be held accountable for?
question Who disputes Sansa's decision in front of Jon's bannermen?
question Who pledge fealty to House Stark?
question Who tells Sansa that her public doing so in front of the Northern lords and ladies undermines his authority with them?
question Who did Sansa implores Jon not to repeat the past mistakes of?
question Who asked Jon to bend the knee?
question Who did Sansa learn a lot from during her time at King's Landing?
question Who tells Sansa that her public doing so in front of the Northern lords and ladies undermines his authority with them?
question Who did Sansa implores Jon not to repeat the past mistakes of?
question Who asked Jon to bend the knee?
question Who did Sansa learn a lot from during her time at King's Landing?
question Who did Tyrion ask Jon to meet on Dragonstone?
question What did Sansa worry about the letter's legitimacy?
question What did he read from Tyrion's first meeting with Daenerys Targaryen?
question Who asks Sansa for her opinion?
question Who was not like the other Lannisters?
question Who did Daenerys' faction only want to forge an alliance against?
question How many dragons did Davos say would prove indispensable in their battle against the White Walkers?
question Who confirmed a large supply of dragonglass on Dragonstone?
question Where was Samwell Tarly's letter confirming a large supply of dragonglass?
question What was Jon's grandfather invited to see at the cost of his own life?
question What does Daenerys want to reclaim?
question Who believes Daenerys is a good man?
question What battles did Sansa bid Jon farewell from?
question Who disagrees with Sansa's decision?
question Where did Sansa tell Jon to send an emissary to?
question What does Jon know about the army of the dead?
question Who gives Sansa control of the North while he is gone?
question What does Jon do as he leaves the North?
question Who did Sansa and Petyr Baelish learn from?
question What does Sansa realize for the coming winter?
question What does Petyr Baelish advocate for?
question Who orders Sansa to see that the armor made for their armies are outfitted with leather to keep warm?
question What threat did Baelish and Sansa talk about while walking?
question Who urges Sansa to fight every battle?
question Who is Sansa reunited with?
question Where do Sansa and Bran retreat after a tearful reunion?
question Who does Bran need to speak to?
question Who is the last trueborn son of Bran?
question What does Sansa remain as?
question Why is Sansa confused with the prospect of being the Lady of Winterfell?
question Who did Bran describe the night of Sansa's marriage to?
question In what way does Sansa walk away?
question Who did the guards reveal that Arya asked for?
question Who knows where Arya has gone?
question Where is Arya's father looking over?
question What is the first thing that has happened to both of them in the past few years?
question What does Sansa Lady Stark insist on?
question What does Sansa Lady Stark do?
question Who left Arya in charge of Arya?
question What do the reunited sisters look sadly on?
question Who says it doesn't really look like him?
question Who does Sansa acknowledge is dead?
question What does Arya point out about everyone who knew his face is dead?
question Who did Sansa kill?
question What did Sansa explain to Arya about Joffrey?
question What did Arya say he was at the top of her list?
question What did Arya say she was keeping a list of everyone she was going to kill?
question Who did Sansa ask about getting back to Sansa?
question What did Sansa say her own road wasn't?
question What did Sansa say her own road wasn't pleasant?
question Who is home to Arya?
question Where does Sansa bring Arya to Bran?
question Who hugs Bran?
question Where did Bran see Arya?
question What type of person is Arya?
question Where did Bran think Arya was going to?
question What does Sansa ask Arya?
question What is the name of Arya's name?
question Who gave the Valyrian steel dagger to Bran?
question What is the priceless blade of a common cutthroat?
question Who did Bran say wanted him dead?
question Who is Sansa mistrustful of?
question What does Bran say is because he doesn't want it?
question What does Bran say Arya can have?
question What does Sansa look down?
question How many of the remaining Stark children do Sansa, Bran, and Arya have?
question Who watch on silently from the walkway above as Arya and Brienne?
question What kind of training did Arya use to outmaneuver Brienne?
question What does each of Arya and Littlefinger hold at the other's throat?
question Who takes her leave of Brienne?
question Where does Sansa oversee a meeting of the Northern lords?
question Who propose that Sansa take power in the absence of her half-brother Jon?
question Who is the true ruler of the Northern lords?
question Who did Sansa confide her frustration in the Northern lords?
question What does Arya think she should not let the Northern lords get away with?
question Who does Sansa disagree with?
question Who tells Sansa to admit that she is harbouring thoughts of permanently ruling Winterfell if Jon doesn't return?
question What does Arya believe she has to do if Jon doesn't return to the Northern lords?
question Who did Robb ask Sansa to bend the knee to?
question Who forced Sansa to do it under duress?
question Who counters that she was not tortured and that she saw Sansa at their father's execution?
question Where did Sansa return to because of their father's death?
question Who saved Jon from defeat?
question Who was Arya's younger sister?
question Who understands the difficult circumstances Sansa was under when she wrote the letter?
question Who is younger than Sansa when she wrote the letter?
question What does Arya say she prefers to embrace over fear?
question Who did Sansa ask Petyr about where Arya got the letter from?
question Who does Sansa tell Petyr that she is commanding men who answer to?
question What does Petyr tell Sansa?
question Who does Sansa not trust?
question What does Sansa counter that the discovery of the letter will turn against her?
question What does Sansa confide in Petyr about her relationship with Arya?
question Who does Petyr suggest that Sansa talk with?
question Who does Sansa accept?
question Who did Maester Wolkan send to Sansa?
question Who advises Sansa not to leave Winterfell?
question Who is Brienne's representative?
question Who does Brienne tell Brienne that it is too dangerous for her to leave Sansa alone at Winterfell?
question Who might be bribing Sansa's guards and men behind her back?
question Who does Brienne offer to leave her squire?
question Who was the late face of Sansa?
question What does Arya catch her sister through her personal effects?
question What does Arya do when she tells Arya that her men are loyal to her?
question Who did Arya get the faces from?
question Who is the rightful King?
question What does Sansa demand that Arya tell Arya?
question When did Arya say they always aspired to be other people?
question What did Sansa want to be?
question How many of Sansa's people got what they wanted?
question What does Arya say about the faces of Sansa?
question What does Arya muses at the prospect of becoming?
question What does Arya leave a disturbed Sansa alone with?
question Who did Sansa and Petyr discuss Jon's decision to bend the knee to?
question Who did Sansa feel betrayed by?
question What is the name of Arya's role?
question Who visits Bran to prove Petyr's ultimate guilt in the War of the Five Kings?
question What does Sansa learn about Petyr's ultimate guilt in the War of the Five Kings?
question Who was killed in the War of the Five Kings?
question What does Sansa turn the tables on?
question Who turns the tables on Petyr?
question Who is Sansa with when Arya is brought into the Great Hall?
question What charges do Sansa read before Sansa addresses him directly?
question Who did Cersei and Joffrey conspire with to imprison and execute?
question What does Sansa presides over?
question What does Sansa do by Petyr's begging?
question Who slits Petyr's throat?
question Who did Sansa confide in Arya?
question Who concedes that she couldn't have survived what Sansa survived?
question Who did Arya and Sansa remember about looking out for one another?
question Who fly overhead as the Stark and Targaryen forces march towards the castle?
question Who is lurking somewhere when Jon notices her absence?
question Who is the Lady of Winterfell?
question Where does Sansa sit?
question Who does Tyrion try to calm those present who are displeased at Jon bending the knee to?
question How does Sansa undercut Tyrion?
question What does Daenerys ask when she sarcastically asks?
question When did Sansa last meet Tyrion?
question Who did Tyrion believe will honor the pledge to send the Lannister forces north?
question Who did Sansa think was the cleverest man she ever met?
question Where will Robett Glover remain with his troops?
question Who did Sansa express her disapproval of Jon giving up his crown to?
question Who does Jon say titles don't matter in the face of?
question Why does Sansa ask Jon to give up his crown to Daenerys?
question Where is Jaime seated with Jon and Daenerys?
question Why do Jon and Daenerys berate Jaime?
question Who vouches for Jaime?
question Who does Dany and Sansa discuss?
question Who is Jon's love for?
question Who is Jon's love for?
question Who will never truly accept an outsider as their ruler again?
question Who announces the arrival of Theon and his men?
question Who asks Sansa permission to stand with the Starks against the army of the dead?
question Where are the two seen having a meal?
question Where do Arya and Sansa observe?
question What does Arya give Sansa?
question Who gave Arya Needle: Stick 'em with the pointy end?
question Who is restless about not being able to help?
question Who took the offence to Daenerys?
question Where is the Night King housed?
question What does the Night King do in Winterfell's crypts?
question Who gave the dragonglass dagger to Sansa?
question Who kisses Arya's hand as if in farewell?
question Who slays the Night King in the godswood?
question Who did Arya slay in the godswood?
question Who makes their way out of the crypt to survey what remains?
question Who did Sansa mourn?
question What is the name of the pyre that Sansa lays on Theon's body?
question Who is seated at the table where Sansa mourns Winterfell's fallen?
question Who reminds Sansa that she could have been spared many horrors if she left with him?
question Who thought Sansa was ignorant of the cruelty of the world and unable to fend for herself?
question Who reminds Sansa that she could have been spared many horrors if she left with him?
question Who thought Sansa was ignorant of the cruelty of the world and unable to fend for herself?
question What did Tyrion look at in the sky?
question What does Tyrion ask her to do with Daenerys' dragons?
question What does Tyrion say about Daenerys?
question Who notes Sansa's dislike of Daenerys?
question Who is Jon?
question What does Tyrion realize when he asks Sansa to look at Daenerys?
question Who won't be spending much time in the North from now on?
question Who seems to have everything she needs?
question What does Sansa realize when Tyrion urges Sansa not to provoke Daenerys?
question What does Tyrion do when she asks Tyrion not to provoke Daenerys?
question What does Tyrion say Jon once told him he's not a Stark?
question What did Tyrion ask for to convince Sansa of Daenerys?
question What does Tyrion try to convince Sansa of?
question What is the name of the throne that Sansa tells Tyrion that there is someone better for?
question Who was killed in the ambush on the Targaryen fleet?
question Who is captured in the Targaryen fleet in which Rhaegal was killed?
question Who does Missandei tell her she wanted to see his sister executed?
question Where is Sansa crowned Queen in the North?
question Where does Sansa attend a great council?
question Who is Bran elected as?
question Who is Jon sentenced to rejoin?
question Where does Sansa return to after saying goodbye to her siblings?
question Where did Sansa live with her family?
question Who was Sansa's younger sister?
question What did Sansa believe in the tales and epic romances?
question Who was Sansa infatuated with?
question What did the noblewomen eat while gossiping about the goings-on at court?
question What made Sansa vulnerable to the manipulations of the Lannisters?
question What was Cersei's belief that all queens and princes are kind and truthful?
question Who did Cersei beheaded before her eyes?
question What did the psychopathic Joffrey have publicly beaten by his guards for?
question Who was killed at the Red Wedding?
question Who were still alive in Sansa's life?
question What was Jon's role?
question Where did Sansa escape to the Vale with Littlefinger?
question Who did Sansa escape King's Landing to the Vale?
question What did Sansa learn from painful experience to survive at Joffrey's court?
question What does Sansa begin to mature into?
question What did the crimes against her and her family have turned her more ruthless?
question When does Theon come to the Godswood to marry Ramsay?
question What is the name of Theon?
question Who feeds Ramsay to his own hounds?
question Who did Sansa try to reach out to after Theon admits he did not kill Bran and Rickon?
question Who helps Sansa escape from Winterfell?
question What does Sansa do for being awful when they were children?
question Who did Sansa face for the last time prior to her escape from Winterfell?
question What does Sansa develop when she faces Myranda for the last time prior to her escape from Winterfell?
question What did Sansa's sufferings make her more war-like?
question Who did Sansa reject Ramsay's conditions for saving her brother?
question What does Sansa's experiences with the Lannisters have enabled her to watch in grim satisfaction?
question Where did Sansa see the violence when she first arrived?
question Who is Sansa effective as?
question Why does Sansa experience a development in the relationships with her surviving siblings when they are reunited?
question What do Sansa and Jon love when they are reunited?
question What does Sansa want to do with Jon?
question Who is a protective older brother to Sansa?
question What did Sansa and Arya experience after their reunion in Season?
question What are the strengths of Arya and Sansa?
question What do Sansa and Arya develop a new closeness as by the end of Season?
question What is the name of the Raven that Sansa has undergone as a result of being reunited with Bran?
question Who is the Three-Eyed Raven?
question In what novel does Sansa enjoy traditional ladylike pursuits?
question Who taught Sansa to play the High harp?
question What does Sansa have a romantic notion of fighting honorably for love and loyalty?
question Who is Sansa's younger sister?
question In what novel does Sansa enjoy traditional ladylike pursuits?
question Who taught Sansa to play the High harp?
question What does Sansa have a romantic notion of fighting honorably for love and loyalty?
question Who is Sansa's younger sister?
question Who is Sansa's protector from Joffrey?
question Who is Sandor Clegane's protector?
question What is the name of Sansa?
question Where was Sansa held?
question What did Sansa do in the books?
question Who did Eddard give Sansa any explanation for why he wanted to send her away from?
question What did Sansa think she would do if she told Cersei she would smooth over their disagreements?
question Who did Eddard put his trust in to Cersei?
question Who knew what Eddard planned to do and had time to prepare counter-measures?
question What does Sansa use as an armor?
question What is the name of the Kingsguard?
question Who prevents something worse?
question Who was the new King in the North?
question Where is Sansa held?
question Where is Sansa held as a prisoner at King Joffrey's court?
question Who refuses to acknowledge the North's claims of independence?
question Why does Sansa not refer to herself as princess?
question Who is in the Northern camp discussing Sansa's captivity?
question What does Sansa do in the show?
question What does Shae sometimes give Sansa?
question Who is Shae's lover?
question Who takes her first to his ancestral home at the Fingers?
question Where did Littlefinger escape from?
question Who did Littlefinger reveal Sansa part of the scheme to murder?
question Who is Littlefinger's bastard daughter?
question What is the name of Sansa in the second POV chapter of A Feast for Crows?
question What is the name of the niece of Petyr?
question What does Sansa know Littlefinger is?
question What was the name of the two people killed by Jon Arryn?
question Who did Lysa accuse Sansa of seducing?
question What did Lysa think would let her go?
question Who saves Sansa?
question Who's death did Sansa become full of confidence overnight?
question Who did Sansa lie to the lords about Lysa's death at her own behest?
question What does Yohn Royce do if he recognizes Lysa?
question What does Sansa become as the protg of Littlefinger during her time in the Vale?
question What is the difference between Littlefinger and Littlefinger?
question What are Littlefinger's manipulations of?
question What does Sansa become as the protg of Littlefinger during her time in the Vale?
question What is the difference between Littlefinger and Littlefinger?
question What are Littlefinger's manipulations of?
question What is Robert Arryn called in the show?
question Who had more spine than Robert Arryn?
question What does Sansa do after Lysa's death?
question How many lemon cakes does Robert Arryn demand?
question What did Robert initially declare he hated her for?
question Why does Sansa try to nuzzle at her breasts and wet the bed during his seizures?
question Who does Robert tell Robert she should marry him?
question What do Sansa must wed as the Lord of the Eyrie and Defender of the Vale?
question Who suggested a tourney between Sansa and Harrold Hardyng?
question Who was comely but a monster, but Tyrion was unattractive but kind to her?
question Who calls her Littlefinger's bastard?
question What did Littlefinger instruct Harrold to do?
question What does Sansa ask about to test his honesty?
question What does Harrold refuse to wear in the tourney?
question What story did Sansa's arc diverge significantly from that in the books?
question Who does Littlefinger arrange for Sansa to marry?
question Who is Robert Arryn's presumptive heir?
question Who is Robert Arryn's presumptive heir?
question What does Littlefinger plan to do to Sansa?
question Who will rule the North at that time?
question What is the name of Sansa's best friend Jeyne Poole?
question Who plays Sansa's storyline in season five?
question Who offers Jeyne her help if she needs it?
question Who infiltrates Winterfell as a bard?
question Who is Sansa married to in the show?
question Who is the elder of Robert's bastards?
question Who did Sansa believe herself the last of the Starks?
question Who died in the Red Wedding?
question Who did Sansa presume to have died?
question What is Sansa's fifth novel?
question Who offered to wed Sansa?
question What is Sansa's fifth novel?
question Who offered to wed Sansa?
question What is Sansa pronounced between San-suh and Sohn-suh?
question Who is Sansa pronounced SAHN-suh?
question What will women retain if their family is more powerful or ancient than their husband's?
question What will women retain if their family is more powerful or ancient than their husband's?
question What happens when a noblewoman marries above her station into a more powerful family?
question Who was born Olenna Redwyne?
question What would a noblewoman who married below her station continue to use the name of the more prestigious family she was born into?
question Who were the Great Houses of equal social rank?
question Who forced Sansa into a marriage to a similarly unwilling husband?
question What type of marriage did the Starks and Lannisters have?
question Why are both Sansa and Tyrion wanted for regicide and far away from each other?
question What do the books do not specify the requirements for an annulment?
question Why is it unclear how difficult it will be to annul the marriage?
question Who did Littlefinger reveal his plans to marry Sansa to?
question Who is Sansa's marriage to?
question What does Littlefinger say Sansa knows her marriage can be annulled?
question Who does Littlefinger assure that Sansa's marriage is valid?
question What is the name of the disguise that Sansa could get married as?
question What is the third novel of Sansa?
question What was the castle built of?
question What is the first past of the prophecy?
question What is the third novel of Sansa?
question What was the castle built of?
question What is the first past of the prophecy?
question What type of TV Recommendations do Daenerys TargaryenRhaegar TargaryenSansa Stark
question Who is the younger brother of Lord Tyrion Lannister?
question Who is the youngest child of Lord Tywin Lannister?
question What is the name of the dwarf who uses his wit and intellect to overcome the prejudice he faces?
question Who is the current Lord of Casterly Rock and Hand of the King?
question Who died giving birth to Tyrion?
question Who blame Tyrion's mother for giving birth?
question Who died giving birth to Tyrion?
question What names does Tyrion try to embrace to keep his self esteem up?
question What was Tyrion's birthright as a Lannister?
question Who did Tyrion attempt to rape when he was sixteen?
question Who did Tyrion help when Tyrion interrupted the attempted rape of a wheelwright's daughter?
question Where did Tyrion help Tysha get married?
question Who paid Tysha to service every one of Tyrion's guards while Tyrion watched?
question What did Jaime confess to helping Tyrion?
question How many siblings occupied positions of power at Casterly Rock?
question Where did Tyrion spend a lot of time in court?
question Who was his niece Myrcella and nephew Tommen?
question Who did Cersei marry?
question Where does Tyrion visit upon his arrival in Winterfell?
question Who is Jon Snow's bastard son?
question What are all dwarfs in their father's eyes?
question What is Tyrion's fondness for?
question Who refuses to pay his respects to Lord and Lady Stark after Bran's fall?
question Who did Prince Joffrey refuse to pay his respects to after Bran's fall?
question What does Tyrion do with his family after Bran's fall?
question What did Tyrion take interest in Bran's fall?
question On what road does Tyrion travel to?
question How is Tyrion rendered after reaching the Wall?
question Who does Tyrion observe during his stay?
question Who ask Tyrion to use his influence to recruit more men for the Night's Watch?
question What does Tyrion believe in danger beyond the Wall?
question Who speaks with Bran?
question Who ambushed Tyrion at the Crossroads Inn?
question Who does Tyrion defend his innocence?
question Who accompanies Catelyn to the Eyrie?
question Who attacked Catelyn?
question Who warns Tyrion that her sister Lysa has become irrational with grief and will try to kill him?
question Who is Catelyn's sister?
question Lysa accuses Tyrion of conspiring in who's death?
question What are the Eyrie's sky-cells?
question What does Tyrion confess to being?
question Who is Tyrion's gaoler?
question Who does Bronn kill?
question Where does Bronn accompanies Ser Vardis Egen?
question Who does Tyrion establish ground rules with?
question Who is the leader of the hill tribes?
question What did Tyrion offer to help the hill tribes conquer?
question What does Shagga say if Tyrion tries to renege on his promise he will cut off his manhood and feed it
question Who's forces have been attacking Catelyn's home since she arrested Tyrion?
question Who does Tywin Lannister explain to?
question Who is leading an army to war?
question Who does Tyrion warn his father that should not be underestimated?
question What does Tywin agree to?
question Who says the hill tribes will only fight if Tyrion is with them on the field?
question Who's forces have been attacking Catelyn's home since she arrested Tyrion?
question Who does Tywin Lannister explain to?
question Who is leading an army to war?
question Who does Tyrion warn his father that should not be underestimated?
question What does Tywin agree to?
question Who says the hill tribes will only fight if Tyrion is with them on the field?
question Where does Tyrion lead the hill tribes into battle?
question Who finds Tyrion after the battle?
question Where does the Northern army regroup for an attack on?
question What did Stannis and Renly Baratheon claim?
question Where does Tywin retreat to?
question Who was killed by Joffrey?
question What does Tywin try to try to keep Joffrey in line and execute any of the small council members if they try anything?
question Who does Tyrion ask to come to King's Landing with him?
question Who accompany Tyrion to King's Landing?
question What role does Tyrion assume to Joffrey Baratheon?
question Who was Tyrion's sister?
question Who could have been useful to bargain for the return of Jaime?
question Where does Tyrion hide Shae?
question What makes Shae want to fuck?
question Who is trying to convince Shae that he is truthful in comparison to?
question Who did Tyrion deny Shae's honor?
question What does Tyrion say he will make changes during his tenure as Hand of the King to Shae?
question Who discovers Shae's presence?
question Who asked Tyrion for aid from the throne?
question Who was Robb Stark's cousin?
question Who does Tyrion invite for dinner?
question Who is exiled to the Wall?
question Who does Tyrion arrange for to serve as a handmaiden to Sansa Stark?
question Who did Tyrion feed them varying plans for marriage alliances?
question Where is Myrcella sent to?
question Who is thrown into the black cells for revealing the information given only to Tyrion?
question Who congratulates Tyrion for the ploy to lure out the Queen's informant?
question Who confronts Tyrion for being unwittingly involved in the ruse?
question In what battle did Joffrey beat Sansa?
question Who did Tyrion warn Joffrey to consider his actions more carefully?
question Who does Tyrion escort out of the throne room?
question Who suggested that Joffrey would benefit from sexual release?
question Who arranges for two whores for his nephew?
question Who visits Tyrion to demand the release of Pycelle on Cersei's behalf?
question What does Tyrion note about his sexual relationship with Cersei?
question Tyrion uses the information to blackmail Lancel?
question Who died to Cersei?
question Who did Tyrion believe was the imminent attack of Renly Baratheon?
question What does Stannis Baratheon insist on?
question Who is the Alchemists' Guild?
question Who does Tyrion visit to learn that the guild have stockpiled thousands of jars of Wildfire to use as catapult ammunition?
question Why does Bronn see this strategy as potentially disastrous?
question Who does Tyrion order to answer to him instead of Cersei?
question Who does the people believe Hallyne is manipulating?
question Where do the court gather for Princess Myrcella's departure?
question What do Cersei threaten to deprive Tyrion of someone he loves?
question What is the name of the starving crowd that confronts Cersei as they return to the Red Keep?
question Who does Tyrion order a guard to escort back to the Keep?
question Who is hit by thrown excrement and triggers a riot?
question Who is torn to pieces by the famished crowd?
question What does Tyrion do to the High Septon?
question What does Tyrion call Joffrey?
question Who slaps Tyrion when he refuses to listen to the criticism?
question Who does Tyrion order to retrieve the missing Sansa?
question Who brings Princess Myrcella to safety?
question Who confesses that Joffrey's viciousness might be the price she pays for her sin of incest with Jaime?
question Cersei believes what might be the price she pays for her sin of incest with Jaime?
question Which two sisters are kind and gentle?
question How long is Stannis' fleet?
question Who warns that the grim realities of a siege cannot be understood from reading?
question Where does Tyrion believe Stannis will attack?
question Who does Varys warn of Daenerys Targaryen?
question How many dragons does Daenerys Targaryen have?
question What does Tyrion prefer to do after Joffrey leaves?
question What did Cersei suspect Tyrion of?
question What pendant did Tyrion give Cersei?
question Who was kidnapped as insurance against Tyrion?
question Where is Stannis spotted?
question What does Tyrion fear about Ros?
question Who does Tyrion promise to revenge on Shae?
question What did Tyrion say to Cersei?
question Who armors Tyrion for battle?
question What does Varys provide him with?
question Who tells Tyrion that he is all that stands between them and defeat?
question Who is Shae's maid?
question What does Tyrion smile at to Joffrey?
question When does Tyrion lead the defense of King's Landing?
question What does Tyrion do to destroy a large portion of the attacking fleet?
question Who signals Tyrion to detonate the Wildfire using a flaming arrow?
question Who landed his troops further out in the bay to avoid the devastation of the explosion?
question Who did the King leave to fight in his name?
question What is Tyrion faced with from his troops?
question What did Tyrion destroy during a sortie through the tunnels under the city?
question Who wounded Tyrion?
question Who kills Tyrion with a spear before he can finish off?
question What is the name of the reinforcements that are led by a man wearing Renly's armor?
question Who is the victors of Lannister-Tyrell?
question Who is looming over Tyrion?
question Who informs Tyrion that he has been relieved as Acting Hand of the King?
question What does Tyrion reject?
question Who summons Varys and Bronn?
question Who did Varys tell Tyrion that his leadership was key to saving the city?
question Bronn has been relieved of what?
question What does Tyrion show Shae?
question Who leaves Tyrion's bandages alone?
question What does Tyrion do?
question What does Tyrion say is something that he enjoys and enjoys?
question Where does Tyrion choose to stay?
question How many Kingsguards did Cersei visit after the Battle of Blackwater?
question What did Cersei agree to do to her guards?
question Who demands to know how he will slander her to their father?
question When did Cersei discover that a servant girl had stolen a necklace?
question Who did Tyrion tell their father about the theft of a necklace?
question Who says that it isn't slander if it's true?
question What does the queen admit to Tyrion?
question Who retorts that Tyrion is a great deal more clever than her?
question When does Cersei leave to prevent Meryn Trant and Bronn from exchanging blows?
question Who did Bronn style himself as of the Blackwater?
question What does Ser Bronn possess?
question How much did Tyrion pay for Bronn?
question Who gave up all rights of inheritance when Tyrion joined the Kingsguard?
question Who is Tyrion the next in lawful line of succession?
question What did Tywin consider him to be?
question What does Tywin warn him that if he catches another whore in his bed he will hang?
question Where does Shae sneak into Tyrion's new chambers?
question Who threatened to kill Tyrion if he found her with him again?
question What does Shae ask Tyrion to protect Sansa from?
question Who did Tyrion accuse Shae of being attracted to?
question Who did Tyrion have sex with in the North?
question What does Tyrion say about having sex with Ros?
question Who calls the first meeting of the small council since he arrived in the city?
question Where are all of the seats on the small council?
question Who will Littlefinger marry?
question What does Tywin say he has appointed Tyrion to replace him if Baelish leaves a vacancy on the small council?
question What does Tyrion say he has no prior experience in finance?
question Who makes it clear that this promotion is intended to give Tyrion an opportunity to make mistakes he will be blamed for?
question Who transfers the Master of Coin's documents to Tyrion?
question Tyrion notes that his brothel hasn't been the safest place for what?
question What did Tyrion say about the release of Ros?
question How many prostitutes did Tyrion pay for Podrick?
question Who would like the court to think about Littlefinger's money?
question Who did Bronn ask if he thinks he was stealing to obtain the crown's money?
question What is heavily in debt?
question What is the largest bank in the Free Cities?
question What does Tyrion warn of when debtors to the Iron Bank cannot repay their loans?
question Who did Tyrion and Ser Bronn learn from?
question Who returns with the money Tyrion gave him to pay the prostitutes?
question Who said he did all sorts of things with the prostitutes?
question What kind of notes did Pod and Bronn ask to take?
question What was the story of Tyrion traveling through the Free Cities with a party of actors?
question Who casts Tyrion?
question Who did Varys pries open the box in the room?
question Who explains to Tyrion that House Tyrell will support the cost of the wedding between Joffrey and Margaery?
question Who did Tywin explain to Sansa Stark to be heir to?
question Who is the Lannisters heir to Winterfell?
question Who did Tyrion and Cersei consider their forced marriages?
question Who did Tyrion employ to kill Tyrion?
question Who did Cersei believe might be the culprit?
question At what event did Tyrion speak with Sansa before their wedding?
question What kind of people could Sansa be wed to?
question What did Tyrion do to cloak Sansa in Lannister colors?
question What does Tyrion ask Sansa to do in the face of humiliation?
question What is the name of the new ceremony that begins as man and wife?
question What is a grim and miserable affair between man and wife?
question What does Tyrion threaten Joffrey with at the night of their wedding?
question What does Tyrion tell Joffrey?
question What does Tyrion insist he won't bed her until she wants him to do?
question What did Tyrion try to do after his marriage with Sansa?
question What would Tyrion punish instead of the harsh reality of political ones?
question Who murdered Robb and Catelyn Stark at the Red Wedding?
question Who orders Tyrion to thank Frey and send Robb Stark's head to Sansa?
question What happens to Tyrion before Pycelle can send any messages to the Twins?
question What do Tywin and Tyrion discuss after the end of the meeting?
question Who will receive all the credit for the Red Wedding?
question Who is Warden of the North until Tywin impregnates Sansa Stark?
question What does Tywin teach him about?
question What did Tyrion protest?
question What did Tywin say he wanted to do when he was born?
question Where does Tywin return to?
question Who did Cersei inform Tyrion that she won't marry?
question What do Cersei ask Tyrion to give Sansa children?
question Who did Cersei say she would have killed herself?
question Who does Cersei believe he can't take away from her?
question Who is Tyrion waiting for to arrive at King's Landing?
question What do the Dornishman see coming their way?
question What prevents Prince Doran from leaving Sunspear?
question When did Oberyn enter the city?
question What is the name of the brothels that Tyrion puts together?
question What song does Prince Oberyn sing?
question Who is Oberyn's paramour?
question What did Oberyn tell Tyrion why he came to the capital?
question What does Tyrion know he's?
question Who wed Elia?
question Who brutally murdered Elia's children?
question Who are not the only ones who pay their debts?
question Who did Tyrion try to comfort Sansa?
question How does Tyrion tell Sansa that her brother and mother were good people?
question What does Tyrion advise Sansa to do?
question Where does Sansa go?
question What happens when he returns to his bedchamber?
question Who refuses to help Shae?
question Who asks if he's really in love with Sansa?
question What does Shae ask him if he wants Sansa out of the city?
question Who was one of the spies who heard the whole conversation?
question Who were the noblemen and women present in King's Landing?
question Who is the spy of Tyrion?
question Who warns Tyrion that he will not protect Tyrion or Shae?
question Who does Tyrion observe at the breakfast?
question Where does Tywin request that she be brought to before the wedding?
question Who were the reigns of Tyrion?
question What sword is given to Tyrion by his grandfather?
question What does Tyrion show towards Shae?
question What does Tyrion tell Shae that she is to leave and go to live in Pentos?
question What does Tyrion say Shae is afraid of his sister and father?
question What does Tyrion call Shae?
question Who escorts Shae to the docks?
question How many dwarfs mockingly re-enacting the War of the Five Kings?
question Who does Tyrion instruct to pay each dwarf gold dragon after the show?
question Who did Joffrey suggest Tyrion fight at the end of the show?
question At what event did Joffrey sarcastically voice awe at Tyrion's skill and bravery?
question What kind of undertone is Joffrey Insulted at at the Battle of the Blackwater?
question What did Joffrey instruct Tyrion to act as his cupbearer?
question Tyrion orders Tyrion to do what?
question Who does Tyrion try to leave with?
question What does Tyrion give Tyrion?
question Who orders Tyrion to be seized and arrested?
question Who visits Tyrion?
question What did Podrick inform Tyrion of?
question What did Tyrion believe Sansa had nothing to do with?
question What did Tyrion offer to Pod if he testified against him?
question Who leaves King's Landing?
question What did Tyrion know about a knighthood if he testified against him?
question Where does Tyrion advise Pod to leave?
question Who intervened at Tyrion's death?
question What did Jaime try to comfort Tyrion?
question What did Tyrion say he would do if he did it?
question Why does Jaime say he can't kill his brother's son?
question Who won't rest until Tyrion is dead?
question What does Tyrion believe Sansa is?
question Who is the newly-crowned King of the Blackwater?
question Who is the presiding judge of Tywin Lannister?
question Who has several witnesses testify against Tyrion?
question What kind of evidence does Cersei give to Tyrion?
question When did Varys tell him that he had saved the city?
question What does Varys tell Tyrion?
question Who tells Tyrion of Tywin's compromise?
question Where will Jaime return as Tywin's heir?
question Who wanted Tyrion's death?
question Who calls in her last witness Shae?
question Who did Shae want to do if he killed the King for her?
question What causes Tyrion to lash out at the betrayal?
question Who did Tyrion believe he had saved King's Landing from?
question Who is Tyrion's son?
question What did Tyrion call the trial a farce?
question Who demands a trial by Tyrion?
question What did the court explode in?
question Who does Jaime decline to be Tyrion's champion?
question What does Jaime decline to be Tyrion's champion?
question Who does Bronn refuse to be in trial by combat?
question Who is Bronn to marry in a match arranged by Cersei?
question Who did Cersei believe was too dangerous for Bronn to fight the Mountain?
question What does Bronn share with Tyrion?
question Who was the monster born to?
question Where did Cersei visit?
question What did Oberyn see to Tyrion?
question Who stopped Tyrion?
question What does Oberyn tell Tyrion that he seeks justice for his sister's death?
question What does Oberyn counter to?
question Who is Oberyn's champion in the coming trial by combat?
question Where does Jaime visit Tyrion on the day of his trial by combat?
question Who is Tyrion's cousin?
question How long did Tyrion watch Orson Lannister?
question What happens when Jaime says he doesn't know?
question What is the Bound in?
question What does Tyrion advise Oberyn against before the fight starts?
question Who does Oberyn pin to the ground with his spear?
question What punishment is Tyrion sentenced to?
question Where does Jaime lead Tyrion through?
question Who has arranged for Tyrion to escape to the Free Cities?
question Who does Varys believe will be the last time they see each other?
question What does Jaime leave him with on the cheek?
question Where does Tyrion first enter?
question Who kills Shae after finding her in Tywin's bed?
question What does Shae grab when she spots him?
question What does Shae do when she finds her in Tywin's bed?
question Who strangles Shae with Tywin's gold chain?
question What is the act done in self-defense?
question Who does Tyrion take his father's crossbow?
question What does Tywin force his father to do?
question Who tries to placate Tyrion?
question Who stows Tyrion away within a crate upon a ship?
question Who is Tyrion brought to in Pentos?
question What was Tyrion's goal to restore to the Iron Throne?
question Where are Varys and Tyrion located?
question Who asked Varys to do for the benefit of the Seven Kingdoms?
question What did Varys say his goal was to bring peace and prosperity upon the kingdoms?
question Who is the ruler of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who wishes Varys luck on trying to find the right man?
question What does Varys say he can do here in Pentos?
question Who agrees with Varys after a moment?
question Where do Tyrion and Varys depart?
question What do Tyrion and Varys remain?
question What does Varys say they are traveling to Meereen by way of?
question What did Varys point out that Tyrion was an effective ruler when he was acting?
question What happened to Tyrion and Varys?
question What is Tyrion's attitude to being confined in a box of some sort?
question Who has promised a lordship to any man who brings her his head?
question Who is going to kill every dwarf in the world in the hope of eventually catching him?
question Who walk along the Long Bridge?
question What bridge does Tyrion and Varys walk along?
question How does Tyrion get through Volantis?
question What do Volantene slaves must sport?
question What does Varys find him doing?
question Who was the only Red Priest in King's Landing?
question Where does the Red Priestess evangelize?
question What prophesied savior does Tyrion preach?
question Who captures Tyrion on a brothel in Volantis?
question Who is Varys dressed as?
question What happens to Tyrion when he woos a prostitute?
question What do Tyrion go to off the side of the bridge?
question Who abducted Tyrion?
question Who is Tyrion held hostage by?
question What did Tyrion do to Jorah?
question Where does Tyrion notice that they are traveling east and not west in King's Landing?
question Who does Jorah believe he is taking Tyrion to?
question What is Tyrion's reaction to Jorah?
question Who banished Jorah because she discovered that he was spying on her for Varys?
question What does Tyrion believe he will earn a pardon for?
question Who strikes Tyrion across the face to keep him quiet?
question Who travels through Old Valyria?
question Where are Jorah and Tyrion going to pass through?
question What is Tyrion excited to see?
question What did Tyrion recites a poem about?
question Who does Jorah see in the fog?
question What did Drogon hear about Drogon?
question Who attacked Tyrion?
question Where does Jorah rescue Tyrion?
question What village does Jorah seek out to acquire another boat?
question What has Jorah been infected with?
question Who tells Jorah about his father's death?
question What do Jorah and Tyrion only have to eat?
question What did Tyrion explain to Jorah about his father's death?
question Why did Tyrion find his father?
question What does Tyrion say about Jeor Mormont?
question Who was Jorah's father?
question What is Jorah to realize he means that his father is dead?
question What does Tyrion become when he says he thought that Jorah knew already?
question What did Tyrion say his father led an expedition beyond the Wall?
question How does Jorah process his father's death?
question Who captures Jorah and Tyrion?
question Where are slavers spotted and captured by slavers bound for?
question Who deems Tyrion useless and orders his throat cut and his penis removed to be sold to a cock merchant?
question Who mentions that Daenerys has re-opened the fighting pits in Meereen?
question Who convinces Yezzan to buy Tyrion?
question Why does Yezzan buy Tyrion?
question What is the name of the small fighting pit that will celebrate the opening of the games?
question Who immediately enters the fight in Daznak's pit?
question Tyrion reveals himself as what?
question Who does Tyrion introduce himself as?
question Who explains Tyrion's family tensions to?
question Who did Tyrion kill in childbirth?
question Who did Daenerys ask Tyrion to do with?
question Why did Tyrion convince her to spare him?
question Who discussed family and politics?
question Why did Tyrion admit he traveled to Meereen?
question Who did Tyrion believe was correct in his assessment?
question Where did Tyrion claim he was ready to drink himself to death?
question What does Daenerys decide to do to Tyrion?
question Where does Tyrion suggest that Daenerys stay?
question What does Daenerys say she will stay in Meereen to ensure there is no more slavery?
question Who declares that the common people will support Daenerys in Westeros?
question Who discussed family and politics?
question Why did Tyrion admit he traveled to Meereen?
question Who did Tyrion believe was correct in his assessment?
question Where did Tyrion claim he was ready to drink himself to death?
question What does Daenerys decide to do to Tyrion?
question Where does Tyrion suggest that Daenerys stay?
question What does Daenerys say she will stay in Meereen to ensure there is no more slavery?
question Who declares that the common people will support Daenerys in Westeros?
question Who discussed family and politics?
question Why did Tyrion admit he traveled to Meereen?
question Who did Tyrion believe was correct in his assessment?
question Where did Tyrion claim he was ready to drink himself to death?
question What does Daenerys decide to do to Tyrion?
question Where does Tyrion suggest that Daenerys stay?
question What does Daenerys say she will stay in Meereen to ensure there is no more slavery?
question Who declares that the common people will support Daenerys in Westeros?
question Who attacked Daenerys on her dragon?
question Who does Tyrion save by killing one of the Sons of the Harpy?
question Who enters the pit and sets several Sons ablaze?
question When Daenerys flies off on Drogon's back, Tyrion is struck with awe as he watches her fly
question Who do Tyrion sit in the throne room with in the aftermath of Daenerys?
question Who enforcs Tyrion's rule with the Unsullied and Missandei?
question Who flew North?
question Who breaks up the argument to convince Tyrion to trust Jorah and allow him to come?
question What was Tyrion's time as?
question Tyrion watches Daario and Jorah depart Meereen to find what?
question What did Varys admit to finding Daenerys?
question What did Varys congratulate Tyrion for?
question What does Varys allude to in Meereen?
question What do Varys vow to help each other hold Meereen together?
question What did Tyrion admit he missed Varys?
question Tyrion watches Daario and Jorah depart Meereen to find what?
question What did Varys admit to finding Daenerys?
question What did Varys congratulate Tyrion for?
question What does Varys allude to in Meereen?
question What do Varys vow to help each other hold Meereen together?
question What did Tyrion admit he missed Varys?
question Where is Viserion and Rhaegal located?
question What does Tyrion believe the dragons are in captivity?
question Who asks Tyrion how he knows this?
question What does Missandei say about the dragons?
question What do Tyrion decide to do to the dragons?
question Who do Tyrion encounter for the first time?
question Who is Tyrion a friend of?
question Who asked Tyrion what he wanted a dragon for his nameday?
question Who did Tyrion ask to punch him in the face?
question What kind of games does Tyrion try to pass the time with Missandei and Grey Worm?
question What do the Masters of Yunkai, Astapor and Volantis fund?
question What does Tyrion want to do with the Sons of the Harpy?
question Who is the slave-trading city of Astapor?
question Grey Worm advocates using what?
question How long did Tyrion spend as a slave?
question Who is Tyrion's former slave master?
question Who is Tyrion?
question Who offers to give Daenerys and her allies a large amount of money and ships if they leave Slaver's Bay?
question Who claims that slavery has existed in Slaver's Bay for centuries?
question What does Tyrion propose to the slave masters?
question How long is the time limit for Slaver's Bay?
question What do the Sons of the Harpy do regardless of?
question What does Tyrion warn the slaves of the Harpy?
question What did Tyrion give them at the conclusion of the meeting?
question Who confronts Tyrion and his entourage in the Meereen throne room?
question Who does a freedman want to know when?
question What does Tyrion insist he is doing his best to do?
question Who do the freedmen refuse to listen to for reassurance?
question What did the freedmen publicly back Tyrion in front of the freedmen?
question What does Tyrion assure Missandei and Grey Worm that he is serving Daenerys' interest by taking advantage of the Masters'
question Why does Grey Worm warn the slavers to take advantage of Tyrion?
question Who did Tyrion have to convince the Meereenese that everything has been done with Daenerys' blessing?
question Who is Kinvara?
question What did Kinvara believe Daenerys was?
question Who promised the same to Stannis Baratheon?
question Who shuts Tyrion down with knowledge of his castration?
question What does Kinvara assure Tyrion of?
question Who is the most famous dwarf in the world?
question Who will need more allies?
question Who did Tyrion wish to celebrate with for the resurgence of Meereen?
question Who lay siege to the city?
question Who allows Grey Worm to assume command?
question What does Grey Worm prefer to do to the Unsullied?
question What do the Unsullied hear when they enter the Great Pyramid?
question Who has returned on her dragon Drogon?
question Who explains the events in Meereen during Tyrion's absence?
question Who is responsible for the siege of Meereen?
question Who declares that she will destroy the Masters' armies, kill them all, and destroy their cities?
question What was Tyrion's father's plan for when the Lannisters were at his door?
question What does Tyrion propose for King's Landing?
question Who joins Daenerys?
question Where did Missandei and the Unsullied be slaughtered?
question Who do Dany orders to burn the slavers' fleet?
question Who leads the counterattack on the back of Drogon?
question Who does Tyrion order to kill the two slave masters?
question What does Tyrion order Grey Worm to kill the two slave masters?
question What wipes out the resurgent Sons of the Harpy?
question Where is Tyrion present after the battle?
question Who did Tyrion mock his height back at?
question Who reiterates that Tyrion has paid for his crimes?
question Who is the uncle of Daenerys?
question What does Tyrion protest about the independence of the Iron Islands?
question Who has negotiated a strong position for herself?
question What do Dany and Tyrion discuss?
question Who did Tyrion advise Daenerys to end her relationship with?
question What does Tyrion say he is not good at?
question What does Tyrion say she is more likely to let Daario go than by the actual loss of the relationship?
question Who is not the only man Tyrion has ever loved?
question Who makes Tyrion her Hand?
question What does Daenerys name him?
question Where did Tyrion kneel before Daenerys?
question What is the flagship of Daenerys?
question Who does Cersei break to when they make a list of their enemies?
question What is the name of Tyrion's appointment?
question Who arrives on Dragonstone?
question What table does Tyrion follow Daenerys from the shore of the island to?
question Who did Tyrion caution Daenerys not to attack Westeros?
question What was Varys's loyalty from when he served her father?
question Who did Varys secure the alliance of?
question Who did Daenerys request that Varys explain himself without support from?
question What does Daenerys request that Varys not conspire against her?
question Who announces the arrival of Melisandre?
question Who's coronation as King is confirmed by Grey Worm?
question Who encourages Tyrion to make an alliance with Melisandre?
question Who clashes with Ellaria during Daenerys's council meeting?
question What niece did Tyrion poison?
question Who will not attack Westeros?
question Where will the Greyjoy fleet ferry the Dornish army north to lay siege to?
question What is the true seat of House Lannister's power?
question Who agree to follow Tyrion's plan?
question Who decimated Yara Greyjoy's fleet on their way to Dorne?
question Where is Tyrion seen meeting with Jon Snow, Davos Seaworth, and their men?
question What does Tyrion call Jon?
question What kind of barbs do Tyrion and Davos exchange back and forth?
question What are Jon and his party forced to do?
question What happens when the party is escorted towards the castle?
question Who does Jon and Tyrion exchange looks of concern at?
question What do Jon and Tyrion think he's crazy for going to?
question What does Tyrion believe would work out well for the Starks?
question Who swoops down towards the Northern party?
question What does Jon take a moment to recover from?
question Who worries Tyrion?
question What is the meeting tense as both sides refuse to submit to the other's demands?
question Who vouchs for Jon's integrity and character, helping to soften Daenerys' attitude towards the insistent and unbowing
question Who is Westeros doomed by?
question Who delivers news about Greyjoy fleet?
question Who allows Jon and Davos to stay as guests until they can reach a proper agreement?
question Where does Tyrion meet with Jon?
question Who pose a threat to Jon?
question Who does Tyrion confide that he trusts Jon?
question Who does Tyrion vouche for?
question What does Tyrion ask Jon?
question What vein does Jon tell Tyrion about beneath Dragonstone?
question Who convinces Dany to allow Jon to mine the dragon glass?
question Who gives Jon permission to mine the dragon glass?
question Who destroyed Yara's fleet?
question Who did Tyrion and Missandei argue against?
question What is the purpose of Tyrion's plan to seize Casterly Rock?
question Who captures Casterly Rock?
question What does Euron's Iron Fleet attack?
question Who inform Daenerys that the Unsullied succeeded in capturing Casterly Rock?
question What has Daenerys gained from the Unsullied?
question What did Tyrion blame Tyrion for losing?
question Why does Tyrion accuse Daenerys of losing Dorne, the Iron Islands, and the Reach?
question From what coast does Tyrion insist they have enough ships left to shuttle the Dothraki?
question Who fumes that her vast numbers are useless if she can't feed them all?
question Who did Daenerys say she will use the Dothraki and her dragons to destroy her enemies?
question Who asks Daenerys to not attack King's Landing?
question Where did the Lannister army win?
question Who massacred his kinsmen?
question Who saved Tyrion?
question What does Daenerys offer to the surviving Lannister and Tarly men?
question Who refuses Tyrion's loyalty to Cersei?
question Who did Randyll denounce Tyrion's loyalty to?
question Who orders Daenerys to burn them alive?
question What battle did Tyrion discuss with Varys?
question Who is not Tyrion's father?
question Who does Varys say the message is for when Tyrion notices a message in his hand?
question What did Tyrion suggest at Daenerys' council meeting?
question Who should Tyrion first appeal to to convince Cersei to stand down?
question Where does Davos agree to smuggle Tyrion into?
question Where did Tyrion say he murdered his own father the last time he was in?
question How long does Tyrion make his way into the Red Keep?
question What kind of session does Bronn arrange the meeting?
question Where did Tyrion outsmart Jaime?
question Who does Tyrion ask for to know the real reason for the meeting?
question How many Gold Cloaks does Tyrion spot near Davos's boat?
question Who dispatches the two Gold Cloaks before the guards can arrest him?
question Who is Tyrion introduced to?
question Who gave Jorah the coin used to pay for him?
question Who is Jon in love with?
question What is the name of the gate that Tyrion tries to explain how he received his scar?
question What does Daenerys say she doesn't want Dany to be a hero?
question Which men fell in love with Dany?
question How does Tyrion respond to Jon Snow?
question What does Tyrion call Jon too little for her?
question What does Daenerys say she knows Tyrion?
question What does Daenerys say will happen if she meets Cersei?
question What would Daenerys do to her first?
question What do Daenerys and Tyrion vow to do if they go to the capital?
question Who is probably thinking the same thing about Daenerys?
question When Daenerys asks him if they should lay a trap, what does Tyrion say?
question What does Daenerys say is not the right way of ruling?
question What did Tyrion promise to do to Aegon Targaryen?
question Who did Tyrion meet with to keep the Lannister's forces in check if Daenerys doesn't lose her temper?
question What does Daenerys respond to when she killed the Tarlys?
question Who takes his family's side once again?
question What is the only way to beat the Tarlys?
question Who discusses children with Daenerys?
question Who said she believes she can't have children?
question Who did Daenerys remind him they lost?
question Who says they will discuss Daenerys after she is Queen?
question Who tries to stop Daenerys from going beyond the Wall?
question Who did Tyrion claim did Daenerys know when they left?
question Who did Daenerys step on?
question What is the hardest thing to do if Daenerys dies?
question Who tells Daenerys to do nothing once?
question What do Tyrion look at her as she dives off the cliff?
question Who agrees to a summit in the Dragonpit at King's Landing?
question What fleet did Tyrion, Varys, Missandei, Jon and Davos nervously sail past?
question Who leads the Targaryen entourage to the Dragonpit?
question Where does Tyrion lead the Targaryen entourage?
question Who leads the Targaryen entourage to the Dragonpit?
question Where does Tyrion lead the Targaryen entourage?
question Who escorts Tyrion into the Tower of the Hand?
question What is the name of the office that Tyrion and Cersei once occupied?
question Who did Cersei accuse him of trying to bring down?
question Who did Tyrion believe no one would have touched while Tywin was alive?
question What did Tyrion believe he was unaware of to Daenerys?
question Who does Tyrion try to goad her into having him killed?
question Who does Cersei look ready to give the order to?
question Why did Cersei refuse to give the order to Ser Gregor?
question Who is better at controlling her violent impulses than she is?
question What did Cersei feel when she saw the wight?
question What does Tyrion believe she is with another incestuous child by Jaime?
question Who joins Tyrion's allies at the Dragonpit?
question Who claims she will send the Lannister forces north to fight alongside the Starks and the Targaryens?
question Where will Tyrion and Snow take them to?
question Who did Tyrion witness on the voyage to White Harbor?
question What is Tyrion concerned about for his Queen?
question Who did Bronn eliminate her brothers if they survive the war against?
question Who helps the North in the Great War?
question Who did Jon give up his crown to?
question Who did Tyrion reveal they allied with to defeat the Night King?
question Who was the last person to see Sansa at the wedding of Tyrion?
question Who did Tyrion believe will honor the pledge to send the Lannister forces north?
question Who did she think was the cleverest man she ever met?
question What did Jaime realize when she arrives at Winterfell?
question Who vouches for Jaime?
question Who replies, Like your sister?
question Who explains Jaime?
question Who is furious with Tyrion for not expecting Cersei's betrayal?
question What do Tyrion, Podrick, Jaime, Brienne of Tarth, Tormund and Davos Seaworth do while preparing
question Who did Tyrion watch from the battlements of Winterfell?
question Who celebrates the defeat of the dead?
question Who sent Tyrion to kill her brothers?
question What was Tyrion promised as a reward?
question How much did Tyrion promise to kill him?
question What battle did Tyrion take part in?
question Who does Tyrion convince Cersei to besieging the city instead of using the dragons?
question Who does Tyrion inform about his true parentage from Sansa?
question Who executed Cersei after the Iron Fleet's ambush?
question Where does Tyrion return to when King's Landing is besieged by the Unsullied?
question Who is being besieged by the Unsullied?
question What did Tyrion overhear Varys pleading with him to take?
question Who burns Tyrion alive?
question Who watches in horror as King's Landing is destroyed?
question Who was captured while trying to sneak into the city?
question When did Tyrion secretly release Jaime?
question Where does Tyrion convince Cersei to flee to to start a new life?
question Who did Tyrion tearfully thank for being the only family member to treat him with love and not as a monster?
question Who burns King's Landing?
question How does Tyrion stare at the destruction of King's Landing?
question Where does Tyrion wander through?
question Where does Tyrion decide to go alone?
question What does Daenerys confront Tyrion about?
question What is the name of the brooch that Daenerys removes before throwing it away in disgust?
question Who does Daenerys order?
question Who does Jon visit in his cell to speak of Daenerys's actions?
question Who did Tyrion admit he was wrong to betray?
question What did Tyrion try to reason out Varys's actions?
question Who tells Jon that I know you love Daenerys?
question What do Tyrion tell him about Daenerys?
question What is more powerful than reason?
question What is the death of duty?
question What does Tyrion say is the death of love?
question Who is now the biggest threat to Daenerys?
question Who is the true heir to the throne?
question What does Tyrion believe Daenerys is the true heir to the throne?
question What does Tyrion remind Jon of?
question What is Jon's belief that Daenerys will not bend the knee to Daenerys?
question Who is brought before the Great Council of Westeros?
question Where is Tyrion tried by all the Lords of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who does Tyrion convince to let the new King of the Seven Kingdoms punish Jon?
question What does Tyrion ask the gathering to do to the new monarch of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who is the living memory of the world?
question What does Tyrion say is for the better as heirs often don't make good kings?
question Who accepts the new king?
question What does Bran charge Tyrion for his past mistakes in supporting and committing treason against Bran's predecessor?
question Who opposes treason against Bran's predecessor?
question What does Tyrion say is for the better as heirs often don't make good kings?
question Who accepts the new king?
question What does Bran charge Tyrion for his past mistakes in supporting and committing treason against Bran's predecessor?
question Who opposes treason against Bran's predecessor?
question What is the name of the vacant positions that Tyrion assures will be filled before the king goes away to find Drogon?
question What are the primary tasks of Tyrion?
question What did Tyrion bring into a brothel?
question What title does Tyrion's father try to deny him?
question Who is the last surviving child of?
question Who was Tyrion born a member of?
question What type of intellect has Tyrion committed himself to possess to help make up his dwarfism?
question What was Tyrion's defense during the Battle of the Blackwater?
question Along with Littlefinger and Pycelle, what two players have Tyrion gotten the better of?
question What is Tyrion able to do about his short stature?
question What does Tyrion's bastard status mean?
question What has Tyrion shown his fellow outcasts kindness?
question How is Tyrion upset when the helpless are harmed?
question Who carried out an order to kill a defenseless baby girl?
question Tyrion is genuinely loyal to those who treat him with what?
question What did Tyrion consider the Red Wedding events?
question Who is the Master of Whisperers?
question Tyrion and Varys are both fond of what?
question What was the reason Tyrion and Varys were wary of each other at first?
question What is Tyrion not without?
question What will Tyrion quickly find when he's stressed, upset or uncomfortable?
question Who did Tyrion confin to the Black Cells for betraying him?
question What does Tyrion crave because his father and sister treated him like a social leper?
question What does Tywin's family do to him?
question Who blames Tyrion for causing the death of their mother?
question Who was the only person Tywin ever loved?
question Tywin hates Tyrion for what?
question What is the embarrassment that Tyrion was born with?
question Who was Tyrion's older brother?
question Who did Tyrion harbor a mutual admiration for?
question What happened to Tyrion's father?
question Who did Tyrion thank Tyrion's brother for treating him like a brother?
question Who was Tyrion's sister?
question Who showed active care, affection, love and worry for Tyrion?
question What did Tyrion reciprocate with his sister Cersei?
question Who did Tyrion enrage when he learned of Mrycella's death?
question Who was Tyrion's sister?
question Who showed active care, affection, love and worry for Tyrion?
question What did Tyrion reciprocate with his sister Cersei?
question Who did Tyrion enrage when he learned of Mrycella's death?
question What do Tyrion's skills with political maneuvering, administration, and diplomacy differ from his father?
question Who is Tyrion similar to?
question At what battle did Tyrion achieve a successful ambush?
question Who did Daenerys win against?
question Who did Daenerys lose patience with his strategy and take matters into her own hands?
question Who was the King in the North?
question Who advised Daenerys not to resort to violence in order to solve problems?
question What did Tyrion try to do to Daenerys?
question What does Tyrion always want to do with matters?
question Who is featured in a range of promotional images and screen captures?
question When is Tyrion in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
question Who were the actors in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
question Who is four years older than Lena Headey?
question How many colors does Tyrion have?
question What is Tyrion described as having?
question What types of hairs does Tyrion have when he lets his beard grow in?
question Who said that bearded dwarfs are a fantasy stereotype?
question Who hated Tyrion ever he was born?
question Who wrote the prophecy about the valonqar?
question Who treated Tyrion kindly?
question What has Tyrion been interested in since he was a child?
question What was Tyrion's dream of riding a dragon?
question Who were Tyrion's uncles?
question What are most of Tyrion's accounts about dragons?
question Who orders Tyrion to set down all he knows of dragonlore?
question Who did Tyrion think about meeting?
question What has Tyrion been interested in since he was a child?
question What was Tyrion's dream of riding a dragon?
question Who were Tyrion's uncles?
question What are most of Tyrion's accounts about dragons?
question Who orders Tyrion to set down all he knows of dragonlore?
question Who did Tyrion think about meeting?
question At what battle is Tyrion not knocked out by his own men?
question What kind of adversity does Tyrion hold at the Battle of the Green Fork?
question Who was Tyrion's father's command?
question Who ruined the plan to kill Tyrion?
question What is Tyrion's role in the Battle of the Green Fork?
question What happened to Jaime in the Battle of the Green Fork?
question Who becomes their new commander when Tyrion relieves Janos Slynt of command of the Gold cloaks?
question Who comes up with the suggestion to send Joffrey some prostitutes to soften his temper?
question Who sent Littlefinger to Catelyn at Renly's camp?
question How many men have Tyrion sent to break Jaime out?
question What does Tyrion use from a brothel to approach Shae?
question Who is the servant of Stannis' troops?
question What is the most important of the defenses for the city that Tyrion builds?
question In what book is Tyrion's nose cut off by Ser Mandon Moore's sword swipe?
question Who explained that Tyrion loses his nose in the battle of Blackwater?
question What would I wear for the next few years?
question Who would have a lot of work on their hands?
question What did the digital artist come up with in the book's version of the Battle of Blackwater?
question What did Dinklage start doing when a stage hand closes the clapperboard?
question In what reel did Dinklage start pretending that board was held too close and cut his nose off?
question Who blames Tyrion for being poisoned in A Storm of Swords?
question Who is Tyrion's uncle?
question Who is killed and Tyrion is sentenced to death?
question Who does Tyrion kill while he is on the privy?
question Who did Tyrion escape from in the fourth season of A Storm of Swords?
question What is the fourth book of Tyrion's book?
question Who found a Tyrell coin in the cell of Cersei's undergaoler?
question What is the name of a bounty hunter who kills several innocent dwarfs?
question Who kills several innocent dwarfs?
question What dwarf performed at Joffrey's wedding?
question Where does Varys stay?
question Where does Varys arrange for Illyrio Mopatis to shelter him?
question Who is Tyrion persuaded by Illyrio to help in reclaiming the Iron Throne?
question Who is Tyrion's friend?
question Who are Griff and Aegon Targaryen?
question Who treats Tyrion hostilely?
question Who will Aegon soon meet?
question What does Tyrion pour on the overconfident youth's hopes?
question What does Tyrion believe Aegon will look like a beggar?
question Who accepts Tyrion's advice?
question Who attacks Tyrion?
question Where do Stone Men attack Tyrion?
question What does Connington get infected with during the journey?
question Who rescues Tyrion?
question Who captures Tyrion?
question Who is Penny's brother?
question Who is one of the dwarfs who performed at Joffrey's wedding?
question What is the destination of Oppo's ship?
question Who is the Red Priest of Volantis?
question Who tells Tyrion he has seen him in a vision as a small man with a big shadow?
question What is Tyrion flattered to hear?
question In what storm is the ship badly damaged?
question Who captures the passengers of the ship after floating for days?
question Who are sold to Yezzan zo Qaggaz?
question What board game does Tyrion impress Yezzan?
question Where are Tyrion and Penny made to perform?
question What did Daenerys do to the slave masters?
question Who is among the victims of the siege?
question Where does Tyrion escape with Jorah and Penny?
question Who is Tyrion's birthright?
question Who does Varys shoot with a crossbow to fool Cersei into thinking Tyrion is still in the capital?
question In what book is Tyrion set to return?
question Who convinced the Second Sons to rejoin Daenerys?
question Who has confirmed that Tyrion and Daenerys will meet face to face in The Winds of Winter?
question What taboo did Tyrion loathe Joffrey?
question Who does Tyrion kill?
question What have Tyrion and Jaime always been on?
question What did Jaime bring when Tyrion was small?
question What was Tyrion's first pony?
question What did Tyrion think about in the fifth novel?
question Who is the first name that comes to Tyrion's mind when he is asked what?
question What did Tyrion begin to have second thoughts about?
question What is Tyrion Lannister pronounced?
question Who is Lord Eddard Stark?
question Who is Lord Tywin Lannister?
question Who is the Lord Eddard Stark?
question Who is Lord Eddard Stark?
question What is Brienne from?
question Who is Ser Jaime Lannister?
question Who is Ser Barristan Selmy?
question What is the name of the company?
question What is the name of Lord Mace Tyrell?
question What is the name of Qyburn?
question Who is the name of the man?
question What is the name of the seaworth?
